Title: Backend Java Developer - SEO Team
Company: eBay
Location: San Jose, CA
Type: Full-Time

eBay SEO -Backend Java Developer
Your huge impact in this role
You will participate and contribute to major development applications and components which process hundreds of millions of messages each day, and answer more than 1 billion requests in a very short SLA. This is your way to make a direct impact on eBay's site.
In addition, you will be responsible for high quality development of Java applications that integrate with backend systems; High quality design and implementation knowledge; Documentation of code and systems; and Support of production applications.
What shall you bring to the table?
If you have experience with
clean code
,
design patterns
,
code quality
and
Java open source technologies
, we'll be more than happy to see the following competencies as well:
7+ years' experience in server-side development in Java.
Good understanding of Machine Learning and Applied Research.
Experience with Spring framework.
Experience with OO design and design patterns.
Experience in building Restful services
Experience with databases
Bachelor's degree in computer science BSc
Experience in working with agile development methodologies
Team player that can work and support internal and external teams
Partner effectively and influence peers, juniors and seniors both within the organization and across eBay
Flexibility and passion to learn new domains.
Well, the following competencies would be a great advantage:
Major experience in multi-threading development.
Experience in a lead role
Hands on with Big-Data.
Experience with Kafka in microservices environment
Experience with Neo4J
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our
use of cookies
View our privacy policy
View our accessibility info
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status.  If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com.  We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.
For more information see:
EEO is the Law Poster
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
