Title: Full Stack Java Web Developer
Company: Cerebra Consulting Inc
Location: San Antonio, TX
Type: Contractor

Full Stack Java Web Developer
Primary Location:
Plano, Texas
V-Soft Consulting is currently seeking a
Full Stack Java Web Developer
for our premier client in
Plano, Texas
.
This is
a contract
position in
information technology
industry.
WHAT YOU   LL NEED:
Education and Experience
4+ years in REST frameworks with focus on API development
2+ years in AGILE methodology (Scrum, Lean, SAFe, etc.)
2+ years experience with JavaScript
2+ years experience integrating with backend services like JMS, J2C, ORM frameworks (Hibernate, JPA, JDO, etc), JDBC.
Ability to design and implement container based APIs using container frameworks like OpenShift, Docker, or Kubernetes.
Relational Database design and optimization with Oracle DB2, MySQL, or PostgreSQL
Understanding of microservices architecture design and implementation
Working experience with Gradle, GIT, GitHUB, GITLab, etc. around continuous integration and continuous delivery infrastructure
Cloud infrastructure application development with vendors like AWS, Google or Microsoft.
Experience testing in REST services
Experience in design and develop automated tests and frameworks
WHAT YOU   LL DO:
Job Responsibilities:
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test significant technical solutions collaborating with senior and lead engineers.
Lead code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning at a team level.
Organize work and lead team to deliver features and solutions.
Independently resolves complex production issues and leads troubleshooting of end-to-end solutions that span multiple applications and systems.
Mentor and coach junior engineers.
May begin working with architecture to help influence directions for key technologies within a specific domain.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's degree in related field of study or 4 additional years of I/T experience beyond the minimum required in lieu of a degree.
6 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s).
Demonstrated ability to independently research technical issues and generate creative/innovative solutions.
Required Skills : Java Developer
Basic Qualification :
Additional Skills :
Candidate must be your W2 Employee :Yes
Notes :
Currency :
Accepted Work Authorizations :
Market :Atlanta
Priority :A
