Title: Java Developer
Company: Generis Tek Inc.
Location: Durham, NC
Type: Full-Time

We have a
Contract
role
Java Developer
our client
Durham, NC
.
Please let me know if you or any of your friends would be interested in this position.
The Position title:
Java Developer-
161539- Durham, NC
Duration
: 3 Months
Location
: Durham, NC
Job description
Fidelity TalentSource is your destination for discovering your next temporary role at Fidelity Investments. We are currently sourcing for a Java Developer to work in Fidelity’s Workplace Investing business unit in Durham, NC. Fidelity's Defined Benefit Platform Technology team is seeking highly motivated, Senior Software Engineer to join its dynamic, globally distributed team of IT professionals responsible for design and development of our DB Platform Applications at its North Carolina site.
The Team
WI – DB Platform team manage applications that supports Defined Benefit (also known as pension) plans on behalf of our corporate clients, their employees and retirees. Platform team contains agile squads working on Discretionary projects, Infrastructure and platform modernization projects (eg: Sybase to SQL Server database migration, public cloud migration), application maintenance and production incident support.In this role, you will serve as a Principal Software Engineer, who will partner within the DB Platform Development team. You will be responsible for the creation and flegacy C++ based applications that are used by workplace participants. You will work closely with the scrum master, systems analysts, architects, and other developers to design, build, test, and deliver the features. You will also be encouraged to provide guidance and mentoring to the other developers within the scrum team in accordance with your skills and experiences. DB Platform portfolio contains.
The Expertise You Have
BS or above in Computer Science or related field
10+ years of development experience with strong knowledge of Java, Spring, Web-Services and SQL/Relational Databases is required
Siebel experience is a PLUS
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum project environment with project team members in multiple locations, including offshore, is required
Strong Object-oriented analysis and design is required
Knowledge of C++ programming language is a plus
Experience creating, building, and deploying applications in a DevOps environment using CI/CD tools; experience with Git/Bitbucket Server (Stash), Jenkins, and uDeploy are a plus
Cloud Experience (Azure, Docker with Kubernetes) is desired - AWS would be fine for this
Familiarity with actuarial science is a plus
Ability to communicate and collaborate with supporting teams to get things done in an expedited manner
Seibel experience is a plus
The Skills You Bring
Your background in the following will prove necessary:
Proven software development skills using Java and web application technologies in a service-oriented architecture
Experience in Server-Side Java, J2EE, REST, SQL, JUnit, and Tomcat.
Working experience of Inversion of Control, dependency injection, and MVC design pattern
Knowledge of continuous integration, static code analysis, and development
Experience with Open Source Frameworks - Spring MVC, Spring Core. XML, Integration with RESTful Web Services
Your experience with the following will be a plus:
Proven experience crafting, building, and deploying applications in a DevOps environment using CI/CD tools; experience with Git/Bitbucket Server (Stash), Jenkins, and uDeploy are a plus
Node JS, Angular and Backbone JS
Containerization and cloud deployment
The Value You Deliver
Comprehensive knowledge of internet, application architecture, as well as current and new technologies
Proven understanding of the software development process including analysis, design, coding, system and user testing, problem resolution and planning
Your use of formal methods (traditional structured or Agile/iterative) for delivering new or improved applications, identify and communicating systems development processes and developing deliverables associated with the respective phases of the lifecycle
Working efficiently with a variety of individuals and groups, both in person and virtually, in a constructive and collaborative manner
Strong analytical skills and ability to solve issues by making timely decisions based on facts, knowledge, experience and judgment
The ability to quickly learn, adapt and thrive to meet the needs of a fast paced, changing environment
Communicating through formal and informal presentations in various settings; one-on-one, small and large groups, with peers, and senior management
Communicate effectively with and to influence team members and external groups
If you are interested in this opportunity, please email your resume at jobs@generistek.com and include posting
20-00578
in your application. Also, you can call us at # 630 576 1930 to discuss this position in detail.
About Generis Tek:
Generis Tek is a boutique IT/Professional staffing based in Chicagoland. We offer both Contingent Labor & Permanent placement services to several Fortune 500 clients Nationwide.
Our philosophy is based on delivering long-term value and build lasting relationships with our clients, consultants and employees. Our fundamental success lies in understanding our clients’ specific needs and working very closely with our consultants to create a right fit for both sides. We aspire to be our client’s most trusted business partner.
