Title: Java J2EE Spring & Microservices Developer
Company: Recruit Veterans
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Contractor

Java J2EE Spring & Microservices Developer
Location:CA, San Francisco
Job Code:2209
# of openings:1
Position Type:Contract
Description
Recruit Veterans is currently seeking a Java J2EE Spring & Microservices Developer to work with our client in San Francisco, CA.
Contract Position: This position is scheduled for 2,072 hours; the contract employee will work 40 hours per week. C2C proposals and visa's will not be considered at this time.
Candidate Experience
+ Ability to build and develop Microservices.
+ Must have extensive web application experience in developing customer facing high scale applications.
+ Demonstrated experience in building Microservices.
+ Work on any cloud-based environment and experience building cloud native applications.
+ Demonstrated experience with Spring and Spring Boot, Spring MVC, Spring Data, Spring Security.
+ Experience building REST and SOAP web services using Java.
+ Experience with Web Services (JSON, REST, JAX-RS, Spring based REST services).
+ Experience with Java and J2EE/Java EE (including servlets, JSP, JSF, JDBC).
+ Strong understanding of Java concurrency, concurrency patterns, experience building thread safe code.
+ Experience with messaging products like RabbitMQ, Kafka or ActiveMQ.
+ Experience with development tools like Eclipse, Git, Gradle, Sonar, Jenkins, Jira, Artifactory etc.
+ Experience with TDD, code testability standards, JUnit/Mockito.
+ Advanced skills implementing API Service architectures (SOAP, REST) using any of the market leading API Management tools such as Apigee and frameworks such as Spring Boot for Microservices.
+ Significant understanding of Microservice patterns & concepts & its application in problem solving.
+ Expert knowledge with a track record of solution delivery using various data integration solutions in situations requiring real time (synchronous and asynchronous) messaging, Publish/Subscribe models, Microservices patterns, Middleware, and other related methodologies in a multi-user, multi-platform, multi-tier environment.
+ Solution delivery expertise in API Strategy, API Management and API design.
+ Expert experience REST solutions and microservices architecture. Solid experience with the HTTP(s) stack.
+ Extensive experience delivering a Microservices based architecture leveraging APIs, containers and automation.
+ Solid experience designing Microservices Architectures for Enterprise customers.
+ Experience with designing and implementing API solutions (developer portal, API integration specifications, analytics, security, developer guides and reference applications).
+ Strong analytical, communication and team collaboration skills.
Qualifications
+ 7+ years of experience in Java/JEE, Java Framework, Spring Development Methodologies, Agile with Scrum UI Development, Web Development, client only, Spring, MVC Microservices.
+ Must have hands on experience with test driven development (TDD) is a must.
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Recruit Veterans is fully committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and to attracting, retaining, developing and promoting the most qualified employees without regard to their race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by state or local law. We are dedicated to providing a work environment free from discrimination and harassment, and where employees are treated with respect and dignity.
Recruiting Force, LLC dba Recruit Veterans provides a variety of technical, professional and administrative support services to government agencies and prime contractors across the country.  We also support commercial clients both large and small with staff augmentation, direct-hire placement and recruiting services. Our focus is on winning new business and hiring and placing military veterans, spouses and their dependents into the contracts/companies that we support.  However, we do accept resumes from all prospective candidates regardless of veteran status. So, if you have an interest in this position and believe that this role is a match with your experience and career goals, apply now and let us help you, "Accomplish the Mission!"
