Title: Senior Java Engineer
Company: Personal Capital
Location: Redwood City, CA
Type: Full-Time

Personal Capital
Sr. Java Engineer
Redwood Shores, CA - Full Time
About Us: Personal Capital is a leading digital wealth management company, founded in 2009. We?re on a mission to transform financial lives through technology and people, providing both insight-driven advice with free financial tools and personalized wealth management from 200+ registered financial advisors across the county. Personal Capital has raised $300+ million in capital from accomplished financial and strategic investors (IVP, Venrock, Crosslink, Corsair, Blackrock, BBVA, USAA, IGM/Power) to disrupt the traditional $30 trillion U.S. wealth management market. Our free personal finance app is utilized by over two million users, helping them track over $800 billion of their personal finances, all in one place. Our award-winning apps paved the way for our advisory firm, which now manages over $11.5 billion in personalized investment portfolios for American families. Personal Capital is headquartered in Redwood Shores with offices in San Francisco, Denver, Dallas, and Atlanta.
The Opportunity:  You will work on data that will amaze you, work with a team that will inspire you, and help create products that truly add value to our users.  Personal Capital?s server team is extremely agile and native of the cloud and you will have the chance to to be an influencing member of this team, not just on Personal Capital, but also on the financial lives of our users. We keep our feet on the ground and heads in the cloud.
The Candidate: We are looking for a very curious Senior Java/AWS Engineer. You need to be a thinker and a doer. You need to be smart and build smart products. You need to be ambitious. This is not an easy job: you will need to wear multiple hats, work with many unknowns, travel many unpaved roads to tackle large-scale problems. And you need to have a cloud native app mentality. This will be your finest work and creation, and an amazing engineering team is there to collaborate with you and support you.
The Work: As a server side engineer you will work on many initiatives, integrations, innovations, while always trying to scale it more, improve performance and keep the system secure.
+ Design, implement, deploy and support new web-based applications and web services using server technologies stacks that include Java, MySQL and AWS services.
+ Define and implement REST Web Services for exposing personal financial services for managing financial accounts, payments, investment portfolios, credit products
+ Execute end-to-end software development and deployment in an agile environment  that greatly values CI/CD.
+ Define and develop cloud-native distributed systems and container orchestration platforms using micro service and serverless architectures.
Skills and Experience:
+ 4+ years of professional software engineering experience
+ Expertise with standard server-side software technologies, including:  Java, MySQL, Spring, Hibernate, etc.
+ Experience with REST and API design
+ Experience with AWS Cloud Computing infrastructure and APIs is a big plus.
+ Solid practitioner?s understanding of secure application development best practices, such as OWASP
+ Deployment of scalable web systems with architectural requirements for high availability, high throughput, low response time, etc.
+ Experience in Object Oriented Analysis and Design (OOA/OOD) with appropriate use of design patterns.
+ Desire to grow professionally with a small, focused, development team in a fast-paced team.
+ Excellent communication and problem solving skills.
+ Bachelor's degree or higher, in Computer Science or related field
