Title: Java Developer
Company: avenuecode.com
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

Avenue Code is an eCommerce consulting firm headquartered in San Francisco, with two additional office locations in Brazil. We are privately funded, profitable, and have been on a solid growth trajectory since day one. We care deeply about our clients, our partners and our people. We pride ourselves on our technical acumen, our collaborative problem-solving ability, and the warmth and professionalism of our staff.
About the opportunity:
We are looking for Sr. Java Developers to join our eCommerce team. The ideal candidate will have strong hands-on core Java and Java Web programming skills, excellent problem solving and design skills and ability to work collaboratively within different teams.
The candidate should also demonstrate a history of on time delivery, excellent communication, and a positive get-it-done attitude. Retail domain expertise and experience working in Agile driven development projects is a plus.
Required Qualifications/Experience:
Works collaboratively with technical and business team members to develop and maintain business solutions following Agile development principles and practices
Is influential and engages actively in building out a dynamic and productive development organization and continuously improving practices and methodology
Designs and develops applications with an eye towards simplicity, reliability, manageability, scalability, extensibility, performance and re-use
Sets and adheres to software coding and style guides to ensure consistency
Participates in pairing and code reviews
Support (2nd level) and troubleshoot problems with existing applications
Mentors and guides others who are still developing their skills
Required Technical Skills:
Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or its equivalent
Experience as a software development with hands-on experience in Java/Core J2EE platform
Candidates must have a robust understanding of Java and an in-depth understanding of other Java technologies, including Servlets, Struts/Tiles, JSP, JMS, and Spring.
Experience writing REST API
Spring, Hibernate or any other ORM tools experience is required
Strong SQL skills, Unit test frameworks and Databases experience (Oracle preferred) is required
Experience with WebServices (REST, SOAP, XML-RPC, etc)
Thorough understanding of Object Oriented principles (Analysis and Design)
Strong emphasis on Unit Test and Integration test design and implementation, with strong review and mentoring experience is a plus
Additional Qualifications:
E-commerce and retail domain experience is a must
Hands on experience with Agile methodologies
Self-motivated team player who excels in a collaborative environment. (We are looking for someone who can take initiative and ask intelligent questions!)
Strong sense of personal accountability; contributes beyond job role and responsibilities
Excellent problem-solving skills; meticulous & methodical
Ability to learn and apply new technologies quickly and self-directed
Proven ability to translate complex business requirements into simple software solutions
Passionate about continuously improving organizational practices
Full lifecycle development experience on large projects
Professionalism, consulting attitude and articulate communication
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records
Does this sound like you? Apply now to become an Avenue Coder!
Employment Type: Full time
