Title: Java Software Engineer - Server/RESTful web services/Multithread/Spring/AWS/API
Company: Recruit Professional Services
Location: San Mateo, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Description Summary
The Software Engineer 4 is a functional expert in the field of software engineering as it relates to the business objectives. The Software Engineer 4 will design, code, test, and debug applications that meet system standards and functional requirements in various software languages. The Software Engineer 4 is responsible for overseeing and conducting code reviews and assisting the Manager and/or Sr. Manager by facilitating assigned activities including the coordination of resources for approved Projects, system improvements, and ad-hoc or emergency requests. The Software Engineer 4 will maintain expertise of the functional software engineering. This position works as an IT functional track lead for a team of developers to evaluate and implement technology solutions that meet business objectives. While reviewing the work of peers is involved, this is strictly limited to the project assignment, with no ability to hire, fire or make personnel decisions regarding other employees.
Job Description
Key Responsibilities/Essential Functions
Develops effective, maintainable code in a timely fashion
Follows established coding standards and techniques, assists with establishing standards
Develops automated unit test cases to validate defect-free code
Oversees and conducts code reviews to ensure adherence to established coding and architectural standards
Works with BAs and Integration Testing team to ensure quality code that meets the functional requirements
Works with and leads off shore development teams.
Acts as a technical resource for junior team members
Involved in integrating on-shore and off-shore code
Shows a strong attention to development detail, produces high-quality code
Assists the Manager and Sr. Manager with the training and mentoring of the team members.
Partners with business teams, development, and IT support to drive creation of processes and procedures
Maintains expertise in the application and use of systems, tools, and processes within the department' s scope
Maintains expertise in the business processes that drive the applications within the department’ s scope
Maintains a working knowledge of applications and system integration and is able to understand changes in order to anticipate cross-system or cross-process impacts.
Coordinates scheduled ad-hoc, and emergency tasks within the department' s scope.
Ensures the appropriate adherence to inter-departmental processes and procedures within the testing team.
Provides proper status notifications are relayed to business stakeholders and Client Relations for internal and external communications through the approved protocols.
Effectively communicates the feasibility of requested deliverables and timelines to the Manager and/or Sr. Manager.
Utilizes design patterns that comply with security policies and guidelines
Qualifications
BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field required
5 or more years of software development experience required
3 or more years of development experience using Java software required
Experience being technical leader of small teams preferred
Experience in two or more of the following areas: RESTful web services, RDBMS skills, Multi-threaded applications, Application Servers (JBoss, WebSphere, WebLogic, Tomcat, etc.), Cloud application development, Caching technologies (redis, memcached, hazelcast), Messaging technologies (ZeroMQ, RabbitMQ, Kafka), NoSQL technologies (Cassandra, HBase), real-time streaming (apache storm).
Specific knowledge/experience in most of the following preferred:
Application Architecture
Software Development
Analysis
Java, XML, Web Services, SQL, & SQL Server, Oracle, MySql, or Postgres
Strong OOD / OOP knowledge
Multithreaded Web Application experience
Creation of Physical and Logical design documents
Developing applications servicing large transactional system utilizing RDBMS
Knowledge and experience with object-oriented design and implementation
Ability to design and implement appropriate infrastructures to support cross platform and cross database environments, provide scalability and two-node implementation
Proven ability to carry a feature from start to finish; including prototypes, design specifications, constructive coding, unit testing, and bug fixing
Ability to quickly and accurately perform troubleshooting and repair of existing applications
Good diagnostic, analytical, design and communication skills
#RecruitPS
