Title: 200027904 Java Software Engineering Lead
Company: J.P. Morgan
Location: Columbus, OH
Type: Full-Time

Java Software Engineering Lead Job Description As an experienced member of our Software Engineering Group we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation & engineering practices. You will be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning.
You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally As part of the Core Engineering Solutions Team, your focus will be to improve the experience of the Software Engineer. You will utilize the latest technologies, concepts, practices and tools enabling our Software Engineering Community to deliver critical and innovative solutions across JPMorgan Chase. Working as part of a team, you will identify, design, build, launch and drive adoption of new products and practices in a collaborative environment that thrives on continuous learning and improvement.
You are empowered in this role to identify opportunities and recommend innovation solutions as new opportunities are presented each day. This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: BS/BA degree or equivalent experience Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Advanced knowledge of architecture, design across all systems Depth of knowledge in Java, JavaScript, SQL, Groovy, CSS LESS/SASS and JSS Depth of knowledge with testing practices with unit, integration, contracts, and end-to-end Depth of knowledge with Microservice and event architecture Depth of knowledge with Software Delivery mechanics and practices Familiarity and/or hands on experience with frameworks such as Spring, React, AngularJS, and Node JS Experience with open source and cloud based technologies. Understanding of full lifecycle software engineering in an Agile/Scrum environment.
Experience building APIs at internet scale using Java/Spring frameworks with ability to work at code level, and with tuning high volume applications Experience with Test Driven Development, Behavior Driven Development and other software engineering practices that drive support/agility in software delivery Strong Communication Skills demonstrating the ability to present and explain ideas and concepts. Experience working in a large scale Agile environment preferable using a formal scaled Agile framework Managing a Core Engineering Services Scrum Teams in Architecture, Data and Engineering. Provide engineering leadership to improve the productivity of Tech teams / members by improving, automating and enabling product capabilities.
Building and managing multi-location Software Engineering teams Driving normalization/standardization of technology disciplines, collaborating with firm wide CI/CD engineering service owners and Practice Enablement. Working with the Product Owner, Architecture and other software engineering teams on feature deliver Driving agile maturity across the organization Driving cultural change to bring a product/engineering mindset into the organization Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices Building and managing software Engineering team Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You'll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice.
This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers. When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you're not just working at a global financial institution. You're an integral part of one of the world's biggest tech organizations.
In our global technology centers, our team of 50,000 technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $11B annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that are transforming the financial services industry. At JPMorgan Chase & Co.
we value the unique skills of every employee, and we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you're looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.
Req #: 200027904 Location: Columbus, OH US Job Category: Technology Employment Type: Full Time Potential Referral Amount: 5000 US Dollar (USD)
