Title: Senior Software Engineer - Corporate Identity (Java)
Company: Splunk
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Description
The Senior Software Engineer will bring a greater level of software development skills and experience to the Corporate Identity team. They'll be in a position to advise on CI/CD principles and coding best practices. Ideally, this candidate should have a strong understanding of SAML, OIDC and OAuth principles and leverage this knowledge in developing applications in the identity ecosystem, with security in mind. This candidate will also have the opportunity to help further develop the corporate identity platform at Splunk through automation, governance and innovative/novel approaches to problem-solving.
What you'll do: Yeah, I want to and can do that.
+ Application development and application tuning for the best performance.
+ Tuning or rewriting existing applications.
+ Implementing best practices in coding.
+ Instructing and educating the team on software development and devops practices.
+ Managing aspects of Active Directory integration and Okta APIs.
+ Building custom integrations for our SailPoint governance solution with Java.
+ Actively monitoring ticket queues for application bug reports.
+ Creating custom scripts for gathering data points leveraging Splunk and automation.
+ Applying your knowledge of role-based and attribute-based access controls.
+ Applying your knowledge of common security principles and working with security in mind.
+ Understanding PKI and public-key cryptography.
+ MS Azure, AWS and GCP knowledge.
Requirements: I've already done that or have that!
+ 12+ years of professional software engineering experience with Java
+ 5+ years of professional software engineering experience with API development, Python and Powershell.
+ You have strong problem solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills and willingness to present on a variety of functional or technical topics to broad audiences.
+ You have the desire to learn and apply new technologies.
+ You self-train quickly and pick up new skills as necessary.
Preferred knowledge and experience: These are a huge plus.
+ Knowledge or experience with Corporate Identity providers such as Okta and Ping Federate.
+ Knowledge or experience with Splunk products
+ SQL skills.
+ Knowledge of OWASP principles.
+ Experience provisioning and de-provisioning workflows.
+ Knowledge of Identity Governance
+ Knowledge of Zero Trust
Education: Got it!
+ BS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline or equivalent work experience
What We Offer You: Wow, I want that.
+ A constant stream of new things for you to learn. We're always expanding into new areas, bringing in open source projects and contributing back, and exploring new technologies.
+ A set of extraordinarily hardworking, innovative, open, fun and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support.
+ Growth and mentorship. We believe in growing engineers through ownership and leadership opportunities. We also believe mentors help both sides of the equation.
+ A stable, collaborative and supportive work environment.
We don't expect people to work 12 hour days. We want you to have a successful time outside of work too. Want to work from home sometimes? No problem. We trust our colleagues to be responsible with their time and dedication and believe that balance helps cultivate an extraordinary environment
This isn't a job - it's a life changer - are you ready?
Splunk has been named one of San Francisco Bay Area's "Best Places to Work" by the San Francisco Business Times, ten years in a row. We offer a highly competitive compensation package and a plethora of benefits.
Splunk is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
About Splunk
Splunk was founded to pursue a disruptive new vision: make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. Machine data is one of the fastest growing and most complex areas of big data-generated by every component of IT infrastructures, applications, mobile phone location data, website clickstreams, social data, sensors, RFID and much more.
Splunk is focused specifically on the challenges and opportunity of taking massive amounts of machine data, and providing powerful insights from that data. IT insights. Security insights. Business insights. It's what we call Operational Intelligence.
Since shipping its software in 2006, Splunk now has over 13,000 customers in more than 110 countries around the world. These organizations are using Splunk to harness the power of their machine data to deepen business and customer understanding, mitigate cybersecurity risk, prevent fraud, improve service performance and reduce costs. Innovation is in our DNA - from technology to the way we do business. Splunk is the platform for Operational Intelligence!
Splunk has more than 2,700 global employees, with headquarters in San Francisco, an office in San Jose, CA and regional headquarters in London and Hong Kong.
We've built a phenomenal foundation for success with a proven leadership team, highly passionate employees and unique patented software. We invite you to help us continue our drive to define a new industry and become part of an innovative, and disruptive software company.
Benefits & Perks: Wow! This is really cool!
SF Only
Medical, full company paid Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Commuter Accounts, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401(k), 3 weeks of PTO, sick leave, stocked micro kitchens in Splunk offices, catered lunches on Mondays, catered breakfast on Fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, BBQ's, soccer, "Fun Fridays".
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Non SF
Medical, full company paid Dental, Vision and Life Insurance, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Commuter Accounts, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), 401(k), 3 weeks of PTO and sick leave.  Our work environments vary by location however we believe in hosting amenities and fun activities to fuel our energy.  You may find fully stocked micro kitchens, catered lunches on Mondays and breakfast on Fridays, basketball hoops, ping pong, arcade games, BBQ's, soccer and "Fun Fridays".
This isn't a job - it's a life changer - are you ready?
Individuals seeking employment at Splunk are considered without regards to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, age, physical or mental disability or medical condition (except where physical fitness is a valid occupational qualification), genetic information, veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. Click here to review the US Department of Labor's EEO is The Law notice. Please click here to review Splunk's Affirmative Action Policy Statement.
Splunk does not discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Please click here to review Splunk's Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision.
Splunk is also committed to providing access to all individuals who are seeking information from our website. Any individual using assistive technology (such as a screen reader, Braille reader, etc.) who experiences difficulty accessing information on any part of Splunk's website should send comments to accessiblecareers@splunk.com. Please include the nature of the accessibility problem and your e-mail or contact address. If the accessibility problem involves a particular page, the message should include the URL of that page.
Splunk doesn't accept unsolicited agency resumes and won't pay fees to any third-party agency or firm that doesn't have a signed agreement with Splunk.
To check on your application click here.
