Title: Java Architect opening in Menlo Park CA
Company: Themesoft
Location: Menlo Park, CA
Type: Full-Time

Overview
Role: Java Architect
Location: Menlo Park CA
Experience: 10 - 20yrs
The Ideal candidate should have at least 12+ years of total work experience in Java/J2EE technologies of which at least 3 years in Technology Architect/Consulting role.
Skills Required
Strong hands-on Software Design & development experience in Java/J2EE technologies. Responsible for architecture design, solution accelerators and assets development while working on various assignments.
Detailed Skill description:
Hands-on Experience in creating a framework from scratch by using any open source.
Rich experienced in development & deployment of N-Tier internet applications
Strong OO design skills, design patterns, architecture patterns, and application profiling skills.
Sound knowledge and experience in UNIX/Linux systems and Shell Scripting.
In-depth experience with various development methodologies (e.g. Agile/Scrum, Iterative, Waterfall, etc.)
Experience in building distributed public and private APIs.
Sound Knowledge in automated build & Deploy using tools like Jenkins.
Very good communication and interpersonal skills in a matrix organization environment
Research new technology/packages, build POCs, compare, contrast and evaluate various technology trends in order to provide relevant inputs for key architectural decisions
Bring best practices to the team by incorporating code quality tools and integrate with Continuous Integration.
Advises the customer on emerging trends and innovations regarding IT architectures, and highlights best practices in similar/relevant industries.
Gain domain knowledge faster and should understand legacy systems to gather requirements.
Build proof of concept as required to eliminate risk.
Hands-on coding in JAVA J2EE, web services, persistence layer is a must.
Experience in working in an onsite/offshore model is mandatory.
Provide guidance and direction to the developers and help them in impediments.
Understand big picture of the enterprise application and recommend solutions to the customer
.
