Title: Software Engineer (Java)
Company: DocMatter Inc.
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

We are in search for motivated engineers who is passionate about problem solving and developing quality solutions in Java.
Responsibilities:
Java web application development
Design and develop across all tiers including front-end, back-end and database
Unit test all work, and support QA with integration tests, end-to-end tests, automated test scripts, performance and load tests
Mentor junior development team members
Requirements
Must have a BS degree in Computer Science and 5+ years of software development experience with Java. Expert level knowledge of Java and Java web applications. developing high performance and scalable Java application  J2EE, JSP, Servlets, Hibernate, RESTful API
Well versed with JavaScript-based client-side development
Strong understanding of design patterns and OOP
String knowledge of MySQL clusters and Cassandra
Experience with Tomcat; eclipse, Git, Jira, Maven, Jenkins; security, SSO  OAuth; media files  video, audio, photos; application and data integration  REST APIs and JSON
Experience with building data pipeline and application integration using Kafka
Bonus points if you have direct experience developing web-based multi-casting and conference applications, and/or developing and integrating CRM applications (e.g., Salesforce)
Benefits
DocMatter provides a peer-to-peer collaboration platform that   facilitates knowledge transfer across a global network of highly-engaged   healthcare professionals to provide life-changing patient outcomes. We   are well on our way, but new hires are early enough that you will  still  be able to play a pivotal role in advancing our mission.
This is a full-time position  based out of our San Francisco  headquarters a few blocks from the  Ferry Building. All employees work  out of the same office, providing  you an opportunity to learn, collaborate, and bond with extremely talented, intelligent and  mission-driven colleagues.
All full-time roles include series A equity with significant upside and health, dental and vision insurance.
Our   employees are passionate about elevating the practice of medicine and   our seasoned leadership team has a breadth of experience across   industry, teaching and research. Come and join some of the smartest   minds in San Francisco tackling one of the great  opportunities to advance the global medical field!
