Title: Sr Software Engineer - Fullstack ( Java/Javascript / SaaS )
Company: Redolentech
Location: Santa Clara, CA
Type: Full-Time

TITLE: Sr Software Engineer - Fullstack ( Java/Javascript / SaaS )
LOCATION: Santa Clara, CA or Belmont, CA
DURATION: FTE / Fulltime
Compensation : Competitive salary + Bonus + Stocks + other benefits
** Client will be able to sponsor H1B visa , if required **
Client has created a new business - Diagnostics Information Solutions (DIS) - that is charged with building a modern software stack that will change the way patients are cared for. Our challenge is to bring together complex diagnostic and treatment data to intelligently process and present this data to healthcare professionals which allow for improved patient care. If you want to be a part of revolutionizing the healthcare industry, join us to put your software touch on it!
We are looking for candidates with a deep
understanding of modern SaaS products
. You'll get to be part of building a SaaS business from the ground up with the ability to influence the product and architecture and lots of opportunities for growth. Plus get to work side by side with a team of world-class doctors and researchers who want to impact global healthcare delivery.
The Position
:
The
Senior Software Engineer(Fullstack )
will be a key team contributor applying extensive knowledge of design principles and practices in the implementation of complex, enterprise-scale software systems. General responsibilities include design concept generation, participating in and leading design reviews, development and testing of the product stack. This is a senior role within engineering and an opportunity to influence the architecture and roadmap.
Responsibilities:
Software Development: This is a hands-on software development position to design high level and low-level components, write high-quality software that will perform at scale, be supportable, and be extensible.
Process & Operations: Builds, maintains, and extends our DevOps toolset to ensure ongoing improvements to team productivity and product scalability; lead team members to design, plan, deliver and operate high-quality software
Leadership: Mentor and develop the team on technical concepts; ensures a culture that values technical excellence together with support and compassion for individuals
Requirements:
BS in CS, Engineering or a related discipline
4+ yrs. of hands-on industry experience (or equivalent)
Experience working in an agile/scrum environment.
Full-stack engineer with experience in designing, building and operating
SaaS-based enterprise software products
using technologies like
FE Javascript frameworks like Angular,
enterprise languages like
Java, SQL and NoSQL datastores,
synchronous and asynchronous
messaging technologies such as Kinesis, Kafka, SQS, or RabbitMQ,
Caching, Infra as code
Cloud (AWS) experience ( plus, not mandatory )
Experience in
API Design, Data Modeling
, Capacity planning
Engineering best practices such as TDD, CI/CD
Experience architecting and developing large scale design
Experience in Agile methods for both delivery and operations
Experience of on-call production support, lead incident resolution
Nice to Have:
Master in CS, Engineering (Preferred)
Experience in Healthcare tech, standards, and workflows (e.g. HL7, FHIR)
Experience with QMS for FDA-regulated products
Experience in Data Analytics, Machine Learning
