Title: Senior Backend Java Software Engineer
Company: Twenty Bridge Staffing
Location: Herndon, VA
Pay: $115K to $120K Annually

Summary of position/daily activities:
A Senior Backend Java Software Engineer is responsible for full cycle development (design, development, testing, documentation, and analysis) for enterprise software applications.  This individual will apply technical knowledge and experience to build enterprise solutions using industry standard tools and frameworks and has a working knowledge of typical messaging, web services and enterprise integration pattern based tools.  This position specifically requires demonstrable knowledge and experience implementing enterprise integration using Angular 5.0+ as a front-end UI communicating with a Java RESTful API in the backend. The individual would be responsible for writing Java REST Services that will support the Angular UI. At the same time the individual will be responsible for developing Angular UI components with services that can communicate back to the Java REST API. This individual should have the ability to learn new technologies quickly and independently.
We are looking for a senior developer with a passion for learning new skills, working with the latest
technologies, and implementing industry best practices. We value innovation and creativity and are looking for people who are problem solvers. Our development team is an open, collaborative environment with a flat organizational structure and we want people who are self motivators and enjoy working with, teaching, and learning from others.
Basic qualifications/experience (the
required qualifications
which are critical
to be considered for the position:
8+ years of experience in Java and software development best practices
Experience with Enterprise Messaging/JMS configuration/consumption
Experience with Web services construction/consumption (REST/SOAP)
Experience with Java EE, JBoss EAP/Wildfly
Experience with Spring Boot Java framework
Experience with Angular 5.0+, Javascript
Experience with XML, XSLT, JAXB, HTML5, CSS
Experience with Agile, TDD and CI
Experience with Maven, Git
Experience with relational DB (e.g., ORM, JPA, JDBC, SQL)
Experience with helping clients understand and analyze business needs and then design clean and elegant technical solutions to meet those needs
Excellent communication, persuasion, and relationship skills; strong problem identification and problem solving skills
Strong writing skills that lead to clear, concise, and unambiguous technical and non-technical documentation
Solid understanding of design patterns and object oriented analysis and design
Desired skills/certifications (any additional skills desired but not required to be considered for the position):
BS in Computer Science or Information Technology related field
Experience with JSF (Java Server Faces) a plus
Ability to work for any employer in the US without sponsorship
Ability to obtain clearance
Candidates must have the ability to work at client locations including periodic travel.  Travel is estimated to be 25% annually.
Twenty Bridge is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. – AA M/F/Vet/Disability
Federal law requires Twenty Bridge to verify identity and employment eligibility; with information from your Form I-9. The E-Verify system is used.
