Title: WEB DEVELOPER 5 - Java
Company: Diversant LLC
Location: San Leandro, CA
Type: Contractor

Diversant has an immediate need for a
JAVA DEVELOPER
that will bring their experience to our client in the financial services industry. This is a
24 MONTH
contract opportunity located in
SAN LEANDRO.
We are actively interviewing to fill this role and other similar contract positions.
QUALIFIED CANDIDATES SHOULD APPLY NOW FOR IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION.
Client is unable to sponsor employment visas for this position. We are seeking local candidates that can work for Diversant on a W2 basis.
RESPONIBILITIES
:
Lead the development and implementation of highly complex internet and intranet applications on one or more diverse platforms using advanced knowledge of web technologies, including C++, Java, Java Script, HTML, CGI, XML, Perl, ASP, multimedia applications, database modeling tools and/or database interactions.
Evaluate systems specifications for client area web site requirements and determines and implements the most efficient and cost-effective software/package solution.
Research and track new web technologies, develops service applications, and analyzes business requirements as they pertain to web-based systems.
Responsible for system quality assurance and consistency with installation and security policy and standards. May provide direction and guidance to less experienced staff.
Lead the development and implementation of highly complex internet and intranet applications on one or more diverse platforms.
Use advanced knowledge of web technologies, including C++, Java, Java Script, HTML, CGI, XML, Perl, ASP, multimedia applications, database modeling tools and/or database interactions.
Evaluate systems specifications for client area web site requirements and determines and implements the most efficient and cost-effective software/package solution.
Research and tracks new web technologies, develops service applications, and analyzes business requirements as they pertain to web-based systems.
Responsible for system quality assurance and consistency with installation and security policy and standards. May provide direction and guidance to less experienced staff.
QUALIFICATIONS
:
7+ years web development experience which includes the programming/development of web applications
10+ year experience in Java Web Services (SOAP and REST) development, which includes, J2EE exposure, XML, Web Services, JUnit, TDD practice
At least 3 years hands on experience working with Spring Framework
High proficiency with object-oriented analysis and design methodologies, and design patterns
Experience with Test Driven Development
Experience with Agile software product development
Proficiency with developing unit test cases using JUnit, HTTPUnit or JWebUnit
Proficiency with source code management system e.g. GitHub
Proficiency with IDEs like Eclipse or Intellij, TOAD
Familiarity with view technologies like XSLT, DHTML, CSS, Javascript
Familiarity with server-side development (involving Java Servlets, JSP, JSTL, etc.) and one or more Java Application Frameworks (Struts, Spring, etc.)
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work well with both business and technical partners
Good communication skills
BS or MS in computer science or equivalent experience
