Title: Sr. Java Engineer
Company: Albertsons
Location: Pleasanton, CA
Type: Full-Time

Albertsons-Safeway Company is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons-Safeway family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S.
The Information Technology Department has an opening for a Sr. Java Engineer. This position is located in Pleasanton, California.
Position Purpose
Albertsons-Safeway is looking for an experienced Sr. Java Engineer to join our Platform Services team. This position will be reporting into our Manager Platform Services. This individual will work across all IT Portfolio's to evaluate, recommend and enable technologies, tools and develop Frameworks, drive adoption across the company. Key to this position are critical thinking, technology awareness, Market research, Open source mindset and communication to influence Technology direction.
Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
*  Work collaboratively with solution architects, engineers across IT portfolio, to anticipate the Tools, Technology and Frameworks requirements and implement them into production.
*  Identify, leverage, and successfully evangelize opportunities to improve engineering productivity.
*  Continuously work on reducing engineering impediments, technical debt, and addressing cross cutting concerns across teams.
*  Help resolve issues/remove roadblocks for portfolio's, teams and be the go-to person to resolve the challenges.
Qualifications:
*  Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science and/or equivalent combination of education and work experience.
*  12+ years of Prolific coding experience with programming languages like Java, Python is required.
*  Proven ability to write clean, testable, readable code in a team environment
*  Hands on experience with open source technologies such as Spring/Spring Boot, MySQL, Hibernate, NoSQL, Elastic Search, Maven, Git, Kubernetes, Linux.
*  Extensive experience delivering a Microservices based architecture leveraging APIs, containers and automation
*  Good understanding of Web Services protocols such as REST, SOAP and API design for extensibility and portability
*  Scratch-build a highly scalable, available, fault-tolerant data processing systems using HDFS, Kafka, Spark, and other big data technologies. These systems should handle batch and real-time data processing over 10s of terabytes of data ingested every day and petabyte-sized data warehouse.
*  Stream processing using Kafka and Kafka Connect. Provide expertise in Kafka brokers, zookeepers, KSQL, KStream and Kafka Control center.
*  Provide expertise and hands on experience working on Kafka connect using schema registry in a very high-volume environment
*  Provide expertise and hands on experience working on Kafka connectors such as MQ connectors, Elastic Search connectors, JDBC connectors, File stream connector, JMS source connectors, Tasks, Workers etc.
Nice to have:
*  Experience with architecting and deploying highly reliable, scalable and fault tolerant systems on Microsoft Azure is a plus
*  Experience with containers and orchestration is a plus.
How to Apply: Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting https://www.albertsonscompanies.com/careers.html
Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons-Safeway. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect.
The Albertsons-Safeway policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status or any other legally protected status.
We support a drug-free workplace -- all applicants offered a position are required to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired.
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
