Title: Production Support On Call - Java AWS Applications
Company: Apar Technologies
Location: Owings Mills, MD
Type: Full-Time

Core skills: Java (review code) Splunk log review, AWS is important as they have more applications being supported in the AWS space, we use New Relic monitoring, they need to be able to identify the problem and correct the situation.
Focused on a developer skill set.
The on-call cycle will be split across 5 people, typically a week at a time with the resource paired up with a senior level backup. It will take 2-3 months to ramp this individual up. There is some flexibility with the schedule within reason. Applications are split across WebSphere and AWS with support tickets flowing through ServiceNow so new relic, and Splunk are valuable skill sets with ServiceNow experience a positive.
A primary function of the role is to triage, review, and respond to incident tickets for supported applications.
Someone who has RPS or Retail, on call, and core applications experience is the ideal candidate.
The interview will be a web-ex video conference.
The interview will be with the manager John Trust, technical team members, and can include peer managers.
This role is 6 months and could be up to two years. There is plenty of work to be completed so there is a high possibility to extend beyond the initial 6 months.
Job Summary/Description:
The Production Support Consultant works in Enterprise Support Services and shares in the responsibility for the day-to-day support of external and internal websites and applications including vendor integrated solutions and data feeds.
System responsibilities may include: Mobile Websites & Apps, Customer Facing Websites, Applications Used in Servicing External Customers, Monitoring and restoration of service related to supported applications and supporting system infrastructure.
Support and monitoring responsibilities are inclusive of both WebSphere and AWS environments.
This position is responsible for the timely resolution of system issues which impacts client accessibility, and the effectiveness of business units in performing their essential functions. This includes monitoring and restoration of service related to supported applications and supporting system infrastructure.
Additional Job Details:
Experience with monitoring tools such as New Relic, CloudWatch and Splunk preferred.
Strong Java skills.
Proficient in several of the following: HTML, DHTML, Struts, Servlets, JSP, JSF, EJB2.0, JNDI, JMS, JDBC, JavaMail, JavaScript, Applets, RMI, Java Multi Threading, Web Services, Spring
Experience with IBM Websphere Application Server (WAS) v6 and v7
Experience with WebSphere Studio Application Developer/Rational Application Developer tools
Experience with Unix Operating Systems such as Solaris, AIX
Experience with scripting languages such as Perl and C/K-Shell
Ability to provide 24x7/365 support through on-call rotation
Provides 24 hour pager support and performs off-hours support as needed by remotely accessing our systems and effectively troubleshooting by examining logs and testing
AWS Certification preferred
