Title: Software Engineer (Java)
Company: Connexion Systems & Engineering, Inc.
Location: Tewksbury, MA
Benefits: Medical

Title
: Software Engineer (Java)
Duration
: Permanent
Location
: Tewksbury MA
*NO C2C, NO RELOCATION*
Responsibilities:
Develops high quality application software for a variety of project assignments.
Responsible for entire software life cycle, including requirements, design, integration, development, testing, deployment, and support.
Works towards understanding key business processes and the applications that support them.
Analyzes and resolves system processing problems related to information system applications.
Works independently in a project team environment with other end users and managers.
Trains users on usage of new and revised applications programs.
Works closely in a team environment with personnel throughout the IS&T organization as well as other departments.
Leverages peers and management to resolve roadblocks and completes tasks within deadlines.
Works collaboratively with peers and customers as project needs dictate.
Prioritizes workload and switches to higher priority tasks when needed.
Proactively seeks challenging tasks in an effort to broaden functional and technical skills.
Participates in customer interactions through design reviews and involvement in integration activities.
Practices continuous self-improvement and strives to broaden applicable skill set.
Fosters an approachable demeanor and shares technical and business knowledge with peers and junior members of the department.
Identifies potential opportunities for new projects or solutions to enhance business processes or systems.
Provides technical supervision of peers, associates software engineers, interns, contractors, vendors and customers.
Mentors co-ops and associate software engineers and provides feedback on performance.
Sets goals and meets them in a timely manner, stays focused on the task/assignment at hand, and drives them to completion.
Reacts on minimal information regardless of the size or scope of projects and navigates in a parallel processing environment.
Creates and champions new solutions for business processes or technical problems.
Assumes responsibility for major areas of customer interface and acts with the customer’s interest in mind.
Uses sound logic to analyze, identify and address root causes of complex technical and business problems.
Continues to learn new technologies and in turn shares the knowledge with other members of IS&T.
Understands key business processes and the applications that support them, and documents software solutions in sanctioned repositories.
Maintains a high degree of technical competence and helps others to use state-of-the-art techniques.
Possesses general knowledge of open source and COTS software applications in areas of relevance to business.
Identifies and follows guidelines set forth by IS&T and integrates them in software solutions.
Minimum Requirements:
BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Applied Science
5-10 years’ experience designing and implementing technical software solutions in a fast-paced environment.
Capable of designing and implementing complex system designs in a highly distributed and complex environment.
Strong programming experience in Java, ASP, .NET, SQL, database design, HTML, XML
Team player, capable of working effectively independently or in a team.
Able to learn and recommend new technologies as required to complete technical solutions.
Excellent interpersonal skills to interact effectively with all levels of personnel in discussions and explanations of complex systems.
Excellent written & verbal communications
Additional Skills:
Ability to present design concepts and system functions in an understandable, logical and concise manner
Experience interfacing with ERP Systems, dashboard development, and data warehousing techniques a strong plus.
Experience developing reusable software and software tools
Experience with Web Services and Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
