Title: Senior Consultant - C#, Java, Middleware and RDBMS - Investment Trading - Charles River Development
Company: State Street
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Description
The Senior Consultant will be an integral player, bringing technical expertise and direction to implementation engagement teams, helping to ensure that our clients are implementing Charles River's IMS suite properly.
System implementations include all aspects of a consulting project, from installation of n-tier software to DR/HA design to documenting and performing technical training for the client. System integrations will involve XML messaging, Charles River web services (SOAP), ETL tools, and database techniques.
Responsibilities:
Manage multiple technical initiatives, potentially on multiple projects simultaneously.
Develop with a result-driven approach while maintaining implementation schedules.
Capable to advance to potentially be responsible for tracking project progress across junior consultants, allocating resources to projects, and mentoring new hires.
Able to be self-motivated and self-driven.
Work in a dynamic, fast-paced, Agile team environment.
Requirements:
BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent field.
Experience in methodology-based solution delivery and managing customers' expectations.
Solid client interaction skills.
Problem solving skills and ability to recognize long term solutions across multiple projects.
Must be detail-oriented and have the ability to multi-task.
Self-starter, able to work both independently and as part of a team.
Excellent communication skills (verbal and written); good interpersonal skills; ability to gather and understand requirements in the financial sector.
The ability to travel to client sites throughout the United States and Canada as well as the ability to work effectively when remote from clients. Travel of 35%-50% is typical and but may exceed that in any given year.
Technical experience includes:
XML and XSLT
understanding of ERDs
Tomcat configuration and optimization
N-tier application architecture
SOAP/XML and messaging software like MQ Series, Tibco, MSMQ, Sonic MQ and Open JMS
In-depth knowledge of one of the following RDBMS: Oracle, MS SQL Server or Sybase
Java and C# programming
Windows and Unix (Solaris and Linux)
knowledge of ETL Tools
familiar with at least one SCM (Subversion or Perforce would be a plus)
Perl
Strong preference for:
financial services industry experience
previous consulting background
ability to read/write XSD and DTDs
extract Transform and Load tools such as Informatica
knowledge of Design Patterns
subversion
