Title: Lead Java Designer-Developer
Company: Albertsons
Location: Pleasanton, CA
Type: Full-Time

Albertsons-Safeway Company is one of the largest food and drug retailers with 2,300+ stores. The Albertsons-Safeway family of brands includes some of the most prominent brands in food retailing, with a growing base of loyal shoppers. Thanks to the professionalism, diversity, spirit and friendliness of our people, we have locations across the U.S.
The Information Technology Department has an opening for a Lead Java Designer-Developer in the Marketing and Merchandising team. This position is located in Pleasanton, California.
Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
*  Design solutions to fit business objectives in the Marketing/Merchandising Promotion Planning domain in capacity of a UI Developer Lead Java Designer-Developer
*  Convert abstract business ideas into technical architectures, designs, and implementations.
*  Work with Solutions Architect, Technical Lead and other IT and business groups to implement a quality and stable platform solution.
*  Design and implement Single Page Java web applications leveraging Angular UI for front end supported by backend REST based Spring Boot applications
*  Develop and publish Developer guide to mentor and guide development team members
*  Develop and Deploy applications using organization's technology practices, standards and procedures
*  Knowledge of organization's total Information Technology (IT) environment.
*  Research marketplace for programming trends when required and work with development practices team to standardize them for the project or team use.
*  Analyze business processes, fit-gap analysis, inefficiencies and risks to determine appropriate process and system design.
*  Optimize and streamline business process with technical solutions.
Qualifications:
*  B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.
*  Strong OO architecture, design and programming skills.
*  8+ Years of Object-Oriented Programming.
*  5+ years practical (hands-on) experience with Spring BOOT backend REST services
*  3+ years of practical (hands-on) experience with JavaScript and HTML5 particularly developing Angular UI applications
*  5+ years of experience with RDBMS databases like Oracle, DB2, Teradata.
*  Strong knowledge of deploying application to Oracle Http Web server and Oracle WebLogic application server/Tomcat
*  Strong understanding of creational, structural, and behavioral Java design patterns and be able to visualize the solution at higher level of abstraction using patterns before getting into low-level details.
*  Strong understanding of reactive programming patterns for Angular and be able to visualize the solution at higher level of abstraction using patterns before getting into low-level details.
*  Strong understanding of coding and security best practices for Angular UI and Spring Boot REST services
*  Strong ability to decompose business requirements to a technical solution with high-level UML diagrams using design patterns and low-level class diagrams
*  Experience with deployment (Maven, Jenkins) and version control technologies (SVN, Dimensions, GIT).
*  Experience with development methodologies such as Agile, DAD, or SCRUM development.
*  Experience with web technologies such as caching, SEO, MVC.
*  Experience integrating web applications with security solutions such as single sign on OAM Web gate, federated single sign on (SAML) and Windows Native authentication.
*  Experience deploying applications into infrastructure deployment architectures that include DMZ, load balancers, firewalls, IPS, etc.
*  Experience with ReactJS or Web 2.0 UI development is preferred.
*  Experience with NO SQL databases like MongoDB, Hadoop is preferred
*  Experience with creation of ADA-Compliant Websites is preferred
*  Experience with Linux operating systems such as Red Hat.
*  Experience mentoring and guiding development team members
*  Strong organization skills with good interpersonal skills and a customer service-oriented attitude.
*  Desire to learn new skills and technologies relating to Cloud and other web base platforms
*  Innovative thinking to solve challenging problems.
*  Results oriented with an ability to work in team and individual contributor work environments.
*  Excellent written and verbal communication skills
How to Apply: Interested candidates are encouraged to submit a resume by visiting careersatsafeway.com
Diversity is fundamental at Albertsons-Safeway. We foster an inclusive working environment where the different strengths and perspectives of each employee is both recognized and valued. We believe that building successful relationships with our customers and our communities is only possible through the diversity of our people. A diverse workforce leads to better teamwork and creative thinking, as well as mutual understanding and respect.
The Albertsons-Safeway policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion and other conditions of employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, medical condition, marital status or any other legally protected status.
We support a drug-free workplace -- all applicants offered a position are required to pass a pre-employment drug test before they are hired.
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
