Title: Senior Java Engineer
Company: Ciitizen Corp
Location: Palo Alto, CA
Type: Full-Time

Ciitizen's mission is to provide Earth's 7.3 billion citizens with control of their complete health information and give them the choice of sharing it with whomever they want. Period. With this new ownership, patients can share their health history with caregivers, share for second opinions, and with companies/researchers who may hold the answer to their treatment.
Current "interoperability" initiatives leave the patient out of the picture and rely on armies of manual labor to extract key health insights from unstructured data-an expensive model that will not scale. And unlike today's zero-sum "marketplace," our point of view is that all stakeholders share in the value of the data: institutions that participate, app developers through their services, companies that leverage this data for development of potentially life-saving treatments, and patients-who have a strong incentive to share their complete, longitudinal health history with others.
Ciitizen has assembled an all-star team and is backed by strong investment, led by Andreessen Horowitz, Section 32, and Verily Life Sciences.
Job Description
Ciitizen is building out its AWS deployed, Kubernetes orchestrated, java platform services, which are responsible for logic that processes ingested content, and shares it with consumers and partner institutions. The team consists of experienced senior engineers and we are looking for someone with similar experience and background.
This position reports to the Director of Engineering, for the platform.
Responsibilities
You are someone who can:
Support Ciitizen's engagement with life sciences companies who are users of our product and research offerings.
Create cloud-based enterprise services
Maintain and enhance existing codebase
Participate in and own application architecture for the work you do
Profiling and performance testing for services created
Conduct impact analysis for planned features
Interact with product and development team to define requirements
Create unit and integration tests
Mentor junior developers in the team
Perform code reviews
Be a beacon for quality code and best practices
Identify and recommend appropriate continuous improvement opportunities
Requirements
You are someone who has:
Minimum of 9+ years of experience in software development
Extensive experience with Java development (Java 8 a must)
Experience developing microservices in a containerized environment
Ideally, service orchestration experience in the cloud with Docker, Kubernetes, AWS
Working knowledge of CI/CD and DevOps
Modern Git based Source Code Control Repositories experience
Strong enterprise-level software development experience in Java, Spring/Springboot
Solid programming discipline: unit testing, fault tolerance, data structures, complexity analysis, object-oriented principles, design patterns, etc.
Modern IDE experience (e.g. Eclipse/RAD, IntelliJ, NetBeans)
Enterprise Relational DB experience
NoSQL DB experience is a plus
Proficient in software engineering languages and tools; ability to develop on multiple platforms.
Understanding of agile software development concepts and processes
Must be proactive, demonstrate initiative and be a logical thinker
Proficient in diverse technologies and new technical architecture principles and concepts
Health industry experience is helpful but not required; specific development experience of a health related application is a plus
Strong collaboration, prioritization, and adaptability skills required
Education Requirements:
Bachelor's or Master's degree in a technical discipline (or equivalent experience)
Location
Palo Alto, CA
Employment Type: Full time
