Title: Sr. Java Software Engineer
Company: PayPal
Location: San Jose, CA
Type: Full-Time

Who we are
Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal's 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.
When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.
Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.
Note:
Provide full legal first Name/Family Name
DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith
DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH
NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell
Provide full address details
Resume is required
Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application
Job Description Summary:
PayPal Tokenization Payment team is looking for talented, creative, and passionate Java engineer to help design and build new products in issuing and transaction processing platform.
Job Description:
InT(Issuance and Tokenization) is a PayPal unit specializing in tokenizing wallet and instrument to enable user to use their wallet/instrument anywhere any merchant. We have two major parts in it
1. Issuing tokens/card
2. Process payment ISO message(transaction) when token/card is used for payment
Transaction processing includes switch, core payment processing (ledger entry) and settlement. We are looking for a java engineer who can understand and work in full payments stack. Services in payment stack are written in Java and we are using Oracle as database to store the data
Your primary responsibilities include:
Design, develop and test high throughput issuance transaction processing system
Develop efficient, elegant, clean code with no unnecessary complication or abstraction
Deliver code in an agile team environment - you will operate in the bi-weekly scrum model
Passionate about low latency systems
Quick action on live issues, jump and deep dive on live issues analysis
Collaborate with other engineers, architects and cross vertical team
Collaborate with Product Managers
Background we are looking for:
You love solving problems and building solutions.
You're self-motivated and have a demonstrated track record of self-learning and going above and beyond
You've designed and clearly understand concepts like Web Services, SOA, REST APIs, SPRING Framework.
You know the fundamentals of Object-Oriented Programming using Java, C++; familiarity with additional development tools such as JUnit, Maven & Jenkins is a plus.
Requirements:
Bachelor's/Master's in Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience
5+ years of experience in the IT industry
Experience in object-oriented programming and concepts
Experienced in Distributed System development using Java/J2EE/Web Technologies/C++.
Proven track record in delivering highly available, scalable systems on time
Conversant in design patterns
Good understanding of web services and related standards like REST/JSON
Experience in Spring framework and other open source frameworks
Experience developing data-driven applications using an industry standard RDBMS (Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MySQL, Informatica, etc.)
Experience in Unix based development environment
Experience in both development and quality assurance activities
Experience in QA methodologies, test automation and automation frameworks
Experience in driving Integration testing, UAT with external vendors
Experience in JUnit, Selenium is a plus
Experience working in payments or financial services industry is a plus
Exposure to Agile Methodologies
Subsidiary:
PayPal
Travel Percent:
0
Primary Location:
San Jose, California, United States of America
Additional Locations:
We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day.  We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect.  Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions.  We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment.  Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.
PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
