Title: REQ: Java Back End Developer-Watsonville, CA
Company: Benvia LLC
Location: Watsonville, CA
Type: Full-Time

Position: Java Back End Developer
Location: Watsonville, CA
Duration: Long Term
Contract
Job Description:
Must have experience with Linux and PostgreSQL Database and good communication skills as this is a client facing role - Skills are required.
Java, Spring, Spring boot, JPA, Hibernate, RESTful webservices, PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server.
Responsibilities
The ideal candidate should be an analytical, results-driven Back-end Developer who will work with business team members to troubleshoot and improve the existing and develop new applications and processes. The Developer will use his or her understanding of programming languages and tools to analyze current codes and industry developments, formulate more efficient processes, solve problems, and create a more seamless experience for users. Should have excellent communication skills with overall experience around 8-10 years.
Responsibilities:
Full stack Developer is responsible for managing the interchange of data between the server and the users
Will develop server-side logic, maintenance of the central database, and ensure high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end
Responsible for Integration of user-facing elements developed by a front-end developer with server-side logic
Wil optimize the application for maximum speed and scalability
Will be responsible for Implementation of security and data protection
Wil hold responsibilities for Design and implementation of data storage solutions
Bachelor's degree in computer programming, computer science, or a related field
Strong understanding of the tools such as Java, Spring, Spring boot, JPA, Hibernate, RESTful webservices and JS is good to have.
Strong understanding of the database like Postgresql, MS SQL Server.
Management of hosting environment, including database administration and scaling an application to support load changes
Data migration, transformation, and scripting
Strong communication skills with proven experience in interacting with multiple business groups and teams.
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process
Good understanding of web-based application technologies and platforms, such as ReactJS, HTML5, and CSS3.
Strong communication skills.
Java, Spring, Spring boot, JPA, Hibernate, RESTful webservices, Postgresql, MS SQL Server.
