Title: Java Developer
Company: Naviksolutions.com
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Summary
We are seeking a passionate, experienced software developer who is motivated, pays close attention to detail, and is well-acquainted with both front- and backend web development. Join our team on the leading edge of technological advancement as you work to develop, test and troubleshoot new software platforms, data entry methods and applications. Share your creativity, expertise and innovation, and have a hand in the decisions that affect the direction and performance of the entire company. You will be faced with a series of problem-solving situations on a daily basis that require team coordination, crisis management and out-of-the-box thinking. In our efforts to become a more seamlessly web-integrated company, we are looking for top-notch developers to join our team.
Job Responsibilities
Work with a team of developers to design, test and implement new software features that improve business efficiency and productivity as well as compete with leading edge technologies in the industry.
Develop new user interface designs to improve customer web interaction and increase automated functionality of website.
Improve frontend and backend data integration, allowing for simpler, more complete data entry and streamlined business operation and accounting.
Test diligently and objectively debug cyber infrastructures to ensure proper performance and user-friendly interaction.
Understand backend software development and implement digital frameworks that can adapt to evolving business needs and improve upon current data application methods.
Envision new ways to integrate our business into mobile platforms, such as iOS and Android, to keep up with the rising popularity of smartphone technology.
Explore opportunities for further technological growth and integration and discover new ways to rethink and rework our digital infrastructure and data gathering efforts.
Job Skills & Qualifications
Required
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field
3-5 years' experience in web and software development
Advanced skills in web development software, such as Java, CSS, JavaScript, HTML5, VB.Net, Python, OpenERP; expert knowledge of desktop and mobile operating systems, such as Windows, OSX, Linux, Android and iOS
Preferred
Master's degree in computer science
Advanced expertise in mobile app development
