Title: Java Developer
Company: PsiNapse Technology, Ltd.
Location: Berkeley, CA
Type: Full-Time

Our client, a government organization in Berkeley, is looking for a Java Developer to join their team on a short-term contract.  Working closely with a software development team, the candidate will be responsible for the design and implementation of robust and scalable RESTful Web Services to enable unified API for multiple frontend applications.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Participate in refactoring of existing RESTful API
Implement RESTful Web Services with Spring Boot
Work closely with UI team to implement OAuth authentication
Containerize and deploy Web Services application with Docker and Kubernetes
Use GitHub as a control version system
Follow agile principles, participate in daily standups
Ensure timelines and deliverables are met
QUALIFICATIONS:
Expert in Spring Boot development.
Demonstrated experience in implementing of OAuth authentication.
Docker, Kubernetes, Maven.
Experience in working with SQL and noSQL databases.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:
Must be able to frequently lift, carry, push or pull up to 25 lbs.
Must be able to sit for prolonged periods of time and walk/stand for moderate periods of time.
Must be able to bend at the knees and waist frequently
Must be able to repetitively use a telephone and a computer mouse and keyboard.
We are looking for local candidates only.  U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.
To apply for this position please visit our website at www.PsiNapse.com, and click on Candidate and then Online Application.
Thank you for your interest. Please understand that only qualified candidates will receive a response.
PsiNapse Technology, a national, workforce augmentation and solutions firm, offers competitive compensation, professional service, and customized benefits to qualified temporary and career professionals looking for employment.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender, sexual-orientation, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, or any other protected category.
