Title: Java Engineer
Company: IT Trailblazers
Location: Mountain View, CA
Type: Full-Time

Sr. Software Engineer
Responsibilities
Gathering functional requirements, developing technical specifications, and project &amp; test
planning
Lead end-to-end efforts to design, develop, and implement data movement and integration
processes in preparation for analysis, data warehousing, or operational data stores.
Troubleshoot, optimize, and tune performance of ETL processes and analytics queries
Create new metrics and develop tools for monitoring and reporting
Act in a technical leadership capacity: Partner with other team members to apply technical
expertise to challenging programming and design problems
Roughly 85-90% hands-on coding
Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches
Provide post production support.
Work cross-functionally with various Intuit teams: product management, various product lines,
or business units to drive forward results
Experience with Agile Development and SCRUM methodologies
Required Experience:
8+ years experience developing web application, REST services, and backend data integrations
in AWS
Strong experience with Java, SQL, AWS, Hive, kafka, spark and RDBMS systems is mandatory.
Experience creating data model and building data integrations for tools like Eloqua.
Experience building complex software programs and applications for acquisition, processing,
and management of massive quantities of data using Java is a MUST.
Develop and implement algorithms for data processing and manipulation tasks (e.g., cleaning,
parsing, sorting, ranking)
Experience with the development challenges inherent with highly scalable and highly available
web applications and backend systems.
Experience creating and developing complex queries in Hive using SQL
Solid communication skills: Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both
technical and non-technical audiences
Strong understanding of the Software design/architecture process
Experience with the entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Experience with no-SQL systems such as Mongo, Cassandra.
Experience with unit testing, performance testing.
Preferred Experience:
Experience with marketing technologies and the marketing tech stack.
