Title: Senior Software Engineer [C++/Java]
Company: Raytheon Technologies
Location: Marlborough, MA
Type: Full-Time

The
Advanced Communication Department
in Marlborough Massachusetts is pursuing top talent to join the team and support our vision to be "One globateam creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place".
Our Software Engineering Development Center provides engineering design processes, standards and test expertise to current programs, along with new system technology development.
Typical job functions for the
Senior Software Engineer
II
(C++/Java)
include:
Participation on collaborative, cross-disciplined integrated product teams, often employing agile software development techniques and tools to plan, design, develop, test, and integrate complex software and systems solutions.
Responsibilities span the full lifecycle of product development, from architecture and design, through integration, test, and field support. You will work and learn in an engineering organization with the highest software engineering process maturity level as recognized by the Software Engineering Institute.
Required Skills:
Minimum
6
years of relevant professional Software development experience
including design
Experience with C, C++, or JAVA
Experience with Agile lifecycle process including Scrum, Continuous Integration and Test Driven Development Methodologies
U.S. Citizenship is required.
Must be able to acquire SECRET Clearance within first year of employment
Desired Skills:
Exposure to Model Driven Development
Experience with real-time operating systems (RTOS), embedded programming, processor/board architecture and design
Working knowledge of UNIX, Linux, Windows, VxWorks or other Real time operating systems
Understanding of standard system engineering design artifacts such as Use Cases and SysML diagrams
Applied experience in Unified Modeling Language (UML) and Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) principles
Required Education (including major):
Must have a BS / BA with a major in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or other related field.
Desired Education (including major):
MS / MA with a major in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or other related field.
#embeddedsystems
#softwarecareer #c++ 159929
Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
