Title: Sr. Java Developer
Company: Fast Switch
Location: Columbia, MD
Type: Full-Time

Sr. Java Developer #389262
Job Description:
This Sr. Software Developer will support existing Java/Spring application to enhance features and design and deploy new modules to support business requirements.
Responsibilities:
Support existing Java Springboot and Angular application by building new modules.
Perform system design, and coding to build REST services with REST best practices.
Works independently and with supervisory review on moderate to highly complex programming tasks.
Works with other team members to develop coding solutions, make sure processes are followed.
Able to do comprehensive code reviews and discuss various solutions for solving a challenge.
Participates in associate interactions, possibly with more senior team members, to develop system solutions to business problems
Works within established procedures to develop, test, implement and maintain application software.
Able to troubleshoot application independently, use various monitoring tools, help with PROD support.
Mentors more junior developers and may lead projects as needed.
Able to support PROD and non-PROD applications, including making config changes, pushing builds etc.
Required Skills:
8+ years of programming experience with Java/J2EE
Experience with working in Agile
8+ years of object oriented analysis and design
3+ years of experience in cloud application development and deployment
Experience working in Jersey, Spring for Rest services
Experience with TomCat/TC Server
Knowledge of version control system, GIT etc
Experience with editor such as STS/Eclipse
Experience with code coverage, unit testing such as JUnit
Experience with Linux/Unix
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related fields
Preferred Skills:
Experience with deployment of application in cloud, AWS, Azure, PCF
Additional Info:
At Fast Switch – Great Lakes (FSGL),
Our Purpose
is
Our People
and
Our Planet
. We come to work each day and are reminded we are
helping people find their success stories
.  Isn’t that cool? Also,
Doing the right thing is our mantra
.  We act responsibly, give back to the communities we serve, and have a little fun along the way.
We at FSGL, have been doing this for
22 years
with pride, dedication and plain old-fashioned hard work.
We're a financially strong, privately-held company that is
100% consultant
and
client focused
.
We've differentiated ourselves by being
fast, flexible,
creative
and
honest
. Throw out everything you've heard, seen, or felt about every other IT Consulting company. We do unique things, and we do them for Fortune 10 companies, Inc. 500 companies, and technology start-ups.
Our benefits are second to none and thanks to our
flexible benefit
options you can choose just the benefits that you need or want, options include:
• Medical and Dental (Fast Switch pays majority of the medical program)
• Vision
• Personal Time Off (PTO) Program
• Long Term Disability (100% paid)
• Life Insurance (100% paid)
• 401(k) with immediate vesting and 3% (of salary) dollar-for-dollar match
Plus, we have a lucrative employee referral program and an employee recognition culture.
One of our pride points as that in
2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019
, Fast Switch was named one of the
Top Work Places
in Michigan by the Detroit Free Press.
To view all of our open positions, please go to: https://clientapps.jobadder.com/45103/fast-switch
Follow us on Twitter at: https://twitter.com/FastSwitchGL
Follow us on Instagram at: https://www.instagram.com/fastswitchgl/
Find us on LinkedIn at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/fast-switch-great-lakes
And you can become a fan of Fast Switch on Facebook at: https://tinyurl.com/v4p9yy7
