Title: Senior Software Engineer - Java / Kotlin
Company: Geli
Location: 94105, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Summary
Geli is looking for a proven Software Engineer to join a driven software development team working on the core of our network of distributed energy resources. In this role, you will work on extending and scaling our backend responsible for processing telemetry streams from nodes in the field. You will excel in this role with a blend of backend development, microservice messaging, cloud and DevOps experience as well as a desire to take ownership of projects and push them over the line.
Role
You will work closely with software and analytics engineers focusing on these topics:
Develop and maintain new services within our microservice architecture
Scale backend-capabilities
Break components off the monolith into their own services
Optimize time-series processing and storage
Improve messaging infrastructure
DevOps
Manage services in Kubernete, ensuring reliability and availability
Contribute to monitoring, logging and alerting
Improve build pipelines and deployment processes
Work collaboratively in a diverse environment. We commit to reaching better decisions by respecting opinions and working through disagreements.
Gain in-depth experience in an exciting industry as you work with storage sizing, energy financial models, energy tariffs, storage controls & monitoring
Growth Opportunity:
Geli’s engineering is a flat organization and you will directly report to the VP of Engineering.
There are opportunities to take on data analytics responsibilities or lead teams, projects and/or become a scrum master.
Your Profile
We are looking for a motivated self-starter that thrives in a dynamic start-up environment. A strong work ethic with excellent problem-solving skills is equally important as being a team player who enjoys to learn and teach.
These skills will additionally help you to excel in the position:
BS or higher degree with 3+ years of relevant experience
Excellent software engineering skills with Java (8+) or Kotlin
Designing software systems
Writing clean, maintainable, thoroughly tested, and shippable production code
Expertise in software engineering best practices, design patterns, OOP, data-structures
Hands-on microservice experience
Creating services in Java or Kotlin
Messaging with AMQP and MQTT through RabbitMQ
Sound design decisions around messaging architecture, protocols and interfaces
Backend development experience for web applications
Experience with maintaining products that are in production
Bonus Points
Experience in some of these fields will give you a jump start:
Spring Boot
RabbitMQ (MQTT and AMQP)
Redis, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, ElasticSearch
Docker, Kubernetes, AWS (EKS, ECS, RDS, EC2, S3, networking)
Ansible, Gradle, Jenkins
Prometheus, Grafana, PagerDuty, NewRelic, Mixpanel
Slack, Bitbucket, Jira, G-Suite
Knowledge of cloud, IoT technologies, and scalable platforms
As a member of the team, you will have a significant influence on the direction of our technology stack.
Benefits
Make a difference: join a group of people who are passionate about renewable energy
Have an impact: the company is still small enough that everyone’s contribution has a significant impact on the success of the company
Growth: leading international energy OEMs, developers and utilities trust us to modernize the trillion dollar energy industry with them and we need to grow to keep up with the demand
Casual working environment: there’s no need to dress up.
Competitive salary and equity compensation plan
401K with company matching
Medical, dental & vision insurance
Open vacation policy
Commuter reimbursement
Convenient SOMA location on Mission St in downtown San Francisco (short walk to Montgomery Street BART)
Diversity
We value the insights that a diverse team brings. We encourage applications from members of groups that have been traditionally underrepresented in tech. Geli is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.
About Geli
Geli provides software and business solutions to design, automate, and manage energy storage systems. Geli’s suite of products creates an ecosystem where project developers, OEMs, financiers, and project operators can deploy advanced energy projects using a seamless hardware-agnostic platform. Geli is a Series A company whose software actively manages megawatts of projects that are deployed around the world.
bqY5xb0a8Z
