Title: Systems Engineering Java Development (Full Stack) - Senior Consultant
Company: Deloitte
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Full-Time

CORE BUSINESS OPERATIONS
Core Business Operations (CBO) is an integrated set of offerings that addresses our clients' core business issues. CBO provides a gamut of consulting services spanning advisory, implementation and operations. CBO practitioners help our clients transform, modernize, and run their existing technology platforms right from process design to implementation and finally ensuring roll-out transition.
CBO has four different offerings  Systems Engineering focused on design, delivery and support of large scale software applications and integrated systems; Cloud Engineering focused on end-to-end cloud services from migration strategy into transformation and cloud operations; Core Industry Solutions focused on industry vertical, sector specific solutions that drive operational change and automate the core of the business; and Operations Transformation focused on creating a flexible, innovative business model for clients supported by a strong operations foundation. CBO serves clients across Life Sciences and Health Care, Government & Public Services and Financial Services among other industries.
SYSTEMS ENGINEERING
At Deloitte Consulting LLP, our Systems Engineering specialists help clients manage the complexity inherent with technology change, from requirements planning to architecture, testing to deployment, and beyond, helping to link their IT programs to organizational goals. And we offer a complete range of industry-leading services, including systems development, solution and platform integration. Learn more about our Systems Engineering practice.
SENIOR CONSULTANT
As a Senior Consultant at Deloitte Consulting, you will be responsible for leading the design, development and deployment of large-scale complex software solutions at an enterprise level. These applications are often high-volume mission critical systems and would provide you an exposure to a broad range of technologies across all layers of architecture in the Java J2EE technology stack. You will be responsible for independently lead the team and mentor junior team members, collaborating team across shores to understand the functional requirements and translate them into work products. You will be involved in end-to-end delivery of the project from estimations, planning and execution. You would also be responsible for tracking status and collecting metrics for analysis.
Work you ll do
Lead and drive discussions with business and functional analysts and come up with technical architecture and design and help the team shape requirements and resolve ambiguities.
Understand the impacts of adapting different architectures and designs and present the same to all relevant stakeholders. Manage both functional and technical requirements while deciding on technical solutions.
Develop solutions following established technical design, application development standards and quality processes in projects.
Manage project execution by defining the work-breakdown structure in accordance with the master project plan and track the progress.
Establish technical design / development guidelines, templates and standards and ensure that the team follows them.
Run the daily calls / scrum meetings with respect to deliverables and build the weekly status reports to be reviewed with leadership.
Perform detailed reviews on deliverables. Provide technical guidance to the team members.
Interact with other stakeholders not limited to end-user clients, Project Manager/Scrum master, Business Analysts, offshore development, testing and other cross-functional teams.
The team
CBO practitioners work on design, delivery and support of a variety of solutions that help our clients meet business objectives. These solutions range from large scale ground-up custom developed applications, to cloud based development and integration services as well as customizing industry sector focused packages. As a Java/J2EE capability hire on this team, you would get opportunities to work on all adjacent area technologies such as user interface/user experience development, integration services, business rules engine solutions, or cloud based service.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Education:
Bachelor s degree or equivalent experience.
Prior Experience:
7 to 10 years of hands on technical experience on web / application development using Java / JEE technology stack.
Skills / Project Experience - required:
Strong conceptual knowledge in OOPS, Core Java, Collections, Multithreading.
Experience on Web Technologies JSP, Servlets.
Experience with working on any one of the web frameworks: Spring, Struts etc. and on data access frameworks like JDBC, Hibernate etc.
Experience on web/application servers (Tomcat, Jboss etc.).
Experience with webservice development (SOAP / REST)
Experience on any of the JMS/Messaging tools like Apache ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, Message Brokers, Kafka, etc.
Ability to write build/configuration scripts using Build tools (Ant, Maven and scripting) and code configuration tools (Subversion, Github, Perforce etc.).
Experience with UML (Class, Sequence, Domain Model) and on various design patterns
Ability to work with automated unit test frameworks like Junit and drive end-to-end testing of modules.
Ability to write SQL with complex joins on RDBMS and usage of database functions or unstructured databases like MongoDB
Ability to communicate clearly across teams in the project and having excellent verbal and written communication skills for articulating architecture and design principles.
Experience managing medium size teams
Limited immigration sponsorship may be available
Skills / Project Experience - good to have:
Experience with Micro services development using spring boot or any other technology framework.
Experience on Agile/Scrum based delivery.
Experience in different architectural designs for complex enterprises.
Industry recognized Technology Certification.
Travel at 80-100%
How you ll grow
At Deloitte, we ve invested a great deal to create a rich environment in which our professionals can grow. We want all our people to develop in their own way, playing to their own strengths as they hone their leadership skills. And, as a part of our efforts, we provide our professionals with a variety of learning and networking opportunitiesincluding exposure to leaders, sponsors, coaches, and challenging assignmentsto help accelerate their careers along the way. No two people learn in exactly the same way. So, we provide a range of resources including live classrooms, team-based learning, and eLearning. DU: The Leadership Center in India, our state-of-the-art, world-class learning Center in the Hyderabad offices is an extension of the Deloitte University (DU) in Westlake, Texas, and represents a tangible symbol of our commitment to our people s growth and development. Explore DU: The Leadership Center in India
Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Deloitte s culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture that is inclusive, invites authenticity, leverages our diversity, and where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives.  Learn more about Life at Deloitte.
Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities.  We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities.  Learn more about Deloitte s impact on the world.
Category: Management Consulting
About Deloitte
As used in this document, Deloitte means Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
