Title: Java Developer
Company: Advantage Resourcing
Location: San Leandro, CA
Type: Full-Time

Ranked as a top Fortune 100 Financial Services company, our client has an opening for a Java Developer in San Leandro, CA.
This is a W2 position (no C2C).
Imagine everything that you could learn to advance your career while working at a Fortune 100 company with around $2.0 trillion in assets.
Check out the qualifications below.  If you feel that you meet these, please apply online.  Thanks for your consideration.
Title: Java Developer (971444)
Location: San Leandro, CA
Job Description:
Leads the development and implementation of highly complex internet and intranet applications on one or more diverse platforms. Uses advanced knowledge of web technologies, including Java, Java Script, HTML, JSON, REST, SOAP, Hibernate, JPA, database modeling tools and/or database interactions. Evaluates systems specifications for client area web site requirements and determines and implements the most efficient and cost-effective software/package solution. Researches and tracks new web technologies, develops service applications, and analyzes business requirements as they pertain to web-based systems. Responsible for system quality assurance and consistency with installation and security policy and standards. May provide direction and guidance to less experienced staff.
About Advantage Resourcing
Advantage Resourcing makes all employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, ancestry, medical condition, age, marital status, national origin, citizen status, political affiliation, union membership, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran status, denial of medical or family leave, pregnancy or pregnancy disability leave or any other protected group status as defined by federal, state or local law.  We will provide reasonable accommodations throughout the application or interviewing process.  If you require a reasonable accommodation, contact us.  Advantage Resourcing is an E-verify employer.
