Title: Senior Engineer, Software Engineering (Full Stack Java Developer)
Company: Cardinal Health
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Description
What Software Engineering contributes to Cardinal Health
Software Engineering is responsible for designing, developing, implementing and supporting applications, systems and IT products required to achieve the company's business objectives\.
Demonstrates knowledge of software development techniques and fluency in software languages and application programming interfaces\.
Demonstrates general understanding of hardware/software platforms including but not limited to operating systems, databases, application servers, web servers and integration technologies\.
Plans and executes system implementations that ensure success and minimize risk of system outages or other negative production impacts\.
Demonstrates conceptual knowledge of architecture standards and  database and operating systems\.
Demonstrates problem solving ability that allows for effective and timely resolution of system issues including but not limited to production outages\.
Analyzes production system operations using tools such as monitoring, capacity analysis and outage root cause analysis to identify and drive change that ensures continuous improvement in system stability and performance\.
Demonstrates knowledge of software development, life cycle, modeling of business processes, application design patterns, business/functional documents\. Estimates to high level business requirements and provide options analysis\.
Accountabilities
Responsible forworking with our highly scalable Pharmacy platform initially working with a specific enterprise client for co\-development efforts\. Technologies include Java Spring based web services, Python, NodeJS, and web applications\.
Act as theprimary technical contact for a specific customer representing the product technology, team output, third party integration discussions, and be the face/voice of the entire development team global team for the customer or third party facing projects he/she is on\.
Creation of detailed technical design documents
Willing and able to work with team in India
Qualifications
5\+ years of experience in designing Java based server side applications \(database, job processing, batch processing\) preferred
3\+ years of experience in Angular, HTML5, JavaScript and CSS preferred
Expertise in of Core Java and Quartz Scheduler \(Quartz is a plus\)
Expertise in Spring Java and hibernate; J2EE frameworks and design patterns
Strong experience in product development and agile development processes \- coding modules as needed
Design and development skills with SQL and MySQL in particular \(or similar database\)
Bachelors Degree in related field or equivalent work experience preferred
8\+ years experience in related field preferred
Working knowledge of three or more technologies preferred
Proven leadership ability preferred
Experience with Python preferred
Experience with NodeJS a plus, not required
Familiarity with Linux systems preferred
What is expected of you and others at this level
Applies advanced knowledge and understanding of concepts, principles, and technical capabilities to manage a wide variety of projects
Participates in the development of policies and procedures to achieve specific goals
Recommends new practices, processes, metrics, or models
Works on or may lead complex projects of large scope
Projects may have significant and long\-term impact
Provides solutions which may set precedent
Independently determines method for completion of new projects
Receives guidance on overall project objectives
Acts as a mentor to less experienced colleagues
Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer\. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status\.
Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer\. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status\.
