Title: Sr. Software Engineer, Java
Company: Woopra
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

We're looking for an experienced Java Engineer who's eager to solve new big data and scalability challenges that have never been solved before.
This is an opportunity to join our team as a founding Backend Engineer that will team directly with the CTO/Co-founder to own our entire backend development.
About Woopra
Woopra is a leading Journey Analytics software that helps organizations to visualize, analyze and experience the total customer journey, empowering data-driven teams to grow, collaborate and innovate faster.
Our platform drives growth at some of the world's most impactful companies including AT&T, HP, Informatica, AppLovin and RedHat plus many more. Powered by partnerships with more than 40 solutions such as Salesforce, Microsoft, Oracle and HubSpot.
Responsibilities
Work with the CTO on backend challenges such as scalability, reliability, and performance optimization
Work with product team to develop new features and analytics reporting capabilities
Enhance and maintain services and APIs
Become an expert on the entire back-end Java stack
Monitor, diagnose, fix and optimize any potential issues
Build and own automated deployment tools
Manage Woopra's private and public cloud including AWS, Google Cloud, and Softlayer dedicated servers
Be a leader during engineering discussions and mentor others on best practices
Must Haves
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science / Computer Engineering or equivalent Software development experience
5+ years of professional Java backend development experience
2+ years working with large data sets and distributed systems
Proficient in big data systems and concepts (e.g. Cassandra, Kafka, elasticsearch, AWS, Google Cloud, and MapReduce)
Team player and has good communication skills
Proficient in Linux systems, and internet protocol layers and standards (TCP/UDP, HTTP)
Bonus Points
1+ year experience in API design
Experience in Machine Learning and Predictive Data is a plus
Small-start up experience
What Makes Working at Woopra Awesome?
At Woopra, were more than just brilliant engineers, passionate data enthusiasts, out-of-the-box thinkers and determined innovators; were skilled musicians, yogis, cyclists, chefs, boxers, dog-lovers and rock-climbers. We believe in surrounding ourselves with not only the best and the brightest individuals, but those that are unique and purpose driven in all that they do.
Our culture is not defined by a certain set of perks designed to give the illusion of the traditional startup culture, but rather, it is the visible example living in every employee that we hire.
Perks & Benefits
Competitive salary and benefits
Generous Stock options
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Life and long term disability insurance
A collaborative workspace
Commuter benefits, weekly lunches and more!
Located in the heart of Financial District in San Francisco with easy access to public transportation
The opportunity to help grow a company alongside a team of motivated and driven individuals
Woopra is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We comply with the ADA and consider reasonable accommodation measures that may be necessary for eligible applicants/employees to perform essential functions. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Employment Type: Full time
