Title: Intern - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY - Java Developer Intern
Company: Bank of the West
Location: San Ramon, CA
Type: Full-Time

Intern - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY - Java Developer Intern
Description
While Bank of the West considers all applicants, we will not consider candidates needing visa sponsorship now or anytime in the future
At Bank of the West, our people are having a positive impact on the world. We're investing where we feel we can make the most impact, like advancing diversity and women entrepreneurship programs, financing for more small businesses, and promoting programs for sustainable energy. From our locations across the U.S., Bank of the West is taking action to help protect the planet, improve people's lives, and strengthen communities. We are part of BNP Paribas, a global leader supporting the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Yes, we're a bank, but as the bank for a changing world, we are continually seeking to improve the ways we help our customers, while contributing to more sustainable and equitable growth.
Job Description Summary
Intern will actively participate as a team member of select business unit(s), mirroring the position of a full-time employee in that unit. Responsibilities will include specific assignments and/or projects that will contribute to a practical, experiential learning environment in an assigned area of our business.
The Internship Program will run from June 8, 2020 - August 14, 2020.
Essential Job Functions
Actively participates in day-to-day business activities of an assigned business unit.
Contributes to one or more business unit initiative(s).
Other Job Duties
Performs other duties as assigned.
LI# RJ1
Qualifications
Required Experience
Rising Senior (graduation dates: December 2020 - June 2021)
Pursuing a degree in Computer Science and Engineering
Previous academic coursework in Computer Science and Engineering Fundamentals
Proficiency using Java
While Bank of the West considers all applicants, we will not consider candidates needing visa sponsorship now or anytime in the future
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
Bank of the West is an Equal Opportunity employer and proud to provide equal employment opportunity to all job seekers without regard to any status protected by applicable law.   Bank of the West is also an Affirmative Action employer - Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran.
Bank of the West will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance subject to the requirements of all state and federal laws and regulations.
Job:
Administrative / Clerical
Location:
United States-California-San Ramon
Requisition ID:
049603
