Title: 200025305 Automation Engineer with Java
Company: JP Morgan Chase
Location: Wilmington, DE
Type: Full-Time

Automation Engineer with Java
Job Description
As a member of our Software Engineering Group we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation & engineering practices. You will be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally.
This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience
Advanced knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines
Understanding of architecture and design across all systems
Working proficiency in developmental toolsets
Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices
Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals, and passionate about building an innovative culture
Proficiency in one or more modern programming languages (Java, Selenium, and Cucumber)
Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance and software improvement
Develop Automated Functional test cases in Java to be run after each build (Continuous Integration CI).
Configuration and testing experience with databases and large, complex datasets, e.g., Oracle.
Experience testing with heterogeneous front-to-back environments, e.g., UIs, server-side processes, RESTful services, messaging middleware, DBMS, in-memory and unstructured data.
Our Consumer & Community Banking Group depends on innovators like you to serve nearly 66 million consumers and over 4 million small businesses, municipalities and non-profits. You'll support the delivery of award winning tools and services that cover everything from personal and small business banking as well as lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. This group is also focused on developing and delivering cutting edged mobile applications, digital experiences and next generation banking technology solutions to better serve our clients and customers.
When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you're not just working at a global financial institution. You're an integral part of one of the world's biggest tech organizations. In our global technology centers, our team of 50,000 technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $11B annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that are transforming the financial services industry.
At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you're looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.
Req #:
200025305
Location:
Wilmington, DE US
Job Category:
Technology
Employment Type:
Full Time
Potential Referral Amount:
3000 US Dollar (USD)
