Title: Senior Java Software Engineer
Company: Boku
Location: 94111, CA
Type: Full-Time

About Boku:
Incorporated in 2008, Boku is one of the world's leading providers of carrier billing and mobile identity solutions. Using nothing more than a user's mobile phone, Boku's technology can verify a user's identity, execute a payment, or provision a new service, radically simplifying common, everyday mobile interactions between consumers and businesses. This is possible because Boku's platform can access the internal billing, identity, and sales systems of mobile operators globally. Businesses who utilize Boku's platform include major brands such as Apple, Google, Microsoft, Sony, Facebook, Spotify, Netflix, Paypal, Experian, Fiserv, Western Union, Uber, and Discover. Boku was originally financed through top-tier investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Benchmark, DAG Ventures, Index Ventures, Khosla Ventures, and NEA. Today, Boku is publicly traded on the AIM Market of the London Stock Exchange (AIM: BOKU.L)
We're a small company, but we have a global reach. We work face-to-face with colleagues and collaborate across disciplines. But our clients, partners, and operations are all over the world. Boku is a busy, exciting, and demanding place to work, but it's the people that make the company. The mix of cultures, viewpoints, and experience is vital for a global company like ours and every person's contribution is valued. If you are looking for a new challenge in an exciting, innovative and international working environment, we are the ideal company for you.
Responsibilities:
Work hands-on with a highly skilled team of engineers
Participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle, including design, development, testing, and release
Build a layered, component-based, service-oriented architecture
Meet and lead technical discussions with our existing and potential customers
Work collaboratively and effectively with a range of stakeholders
Be highly motivated and maintain a positive, 'can-do' attitude in a fast-moving environment
Foster the spirit of collaboration across multiple internal and external teams
Requirements:
5+ years of relevant experience in Software Engineering working on high-volume and low-latency systems
Fluent in Java and have experience with building service-oriented, database driven applications
Strong software design and architecture skills
Demonstrated great communication and influential skill
Curious and love staying on top of technology trends
Attention to detail and strong organization skills
Meet eligibility requirements to work in the US
Desired:
Familiarity and experience with a wide range of programming languages and technologies
Experience integrating with third-party web services across a variety of technologies, e.g. REST, SOAP, SMPP
Experience with some (or all) of the following technologies/frameworks/tools: Maven, Git, MySQL, JMS, Spring, JPA/Hibernate, Jersey, JMX, Jetty, Hessian.
Experience working with mobile carriers or mobile SMS systems
Experience with authentication methods, sign up and login flows
Development and design experience with messaging systems e.g. ActiveMQ, WebSphere-MQ
Experience using agile methodologies and tools
