Title: Software Engineer, Senior (Java, Python, Typescript, C++)
Company: Data2Design Technologies, LLC
Location: Mountain View, CA
Type: Full-Time

Software Engineer, Senior (Java, Python, Typescript, C++)
Mountain View CA 94035 (75% remote work)
The Software Developer will be responsible for developing, testing, and applying new or existing EHP computer codes for operational earthquake forecasting. The developer will adapt numerical methods from related scientific and engineering fields and apply them for use in earthquake forecasting. These tasks require direct interaction with staff scientists who will guide development of the forecasting software and supply the necessary data sets.
Tasks Include:
Maintain the existing computer programs and make requested additions and changes as needed. In particular, the contractor will develop and write additional computer code as described below, using modern object-oriented programming techniques.
Leverage the automatic aftershock forecasting software’s algorithms to transfer information to the Earthquake Hazards Program web software in order to define sequences of earthquakes for presentation as such on the Earthquake Hazards Program web site.
Adapt the aftershock forecasting computational software that estimates the number and probabilities of earthquakes in a given time window to produce forecasts of sequence duration in terms of the time, including uncertainty, when the probability of a given magnitude earthquake in the next year or other time interval specified.
Develop algorithms to notify the aftershock forecasting and earthquake monitoring staff when a large change in the aftershock forecasts occur due to the occurrence of a large aftershock or large changes in the aftershock parameters (e.g. magnitudes) or large changes in the aftershock sequence clustering parameters;
Required Skills:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science AND;
5 or more years of experience with Java, Python, and Typescript
4 or more years of experience with C++
Preferred Skills:
Experience with ActiveMQ, MongoDB, Leaflet highly preferred.
Experience with earthquake forecasting.
Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.
