Title: Sr. Java Developer
Company: iTradeNetwork
Location: Dublin, CA
Type: Full-Time

Responsibilities:
Establish yourself as a thought leader across the organization related to scalable application architectures (Micro-services), data design, software development and coding principals and migrating legacy applications to cloud infrastructure.
Contribute to product and technical direction by brainstorming with Architects, Data Scientists, and Business and Product Managers.
Provide guidance to development team with planning and execution, design and architecture using agile methodologies such as Scrum.
Apply your expertise in cloud technologies to provide direction on migration of product to cloud based implementations where appropriate.
Lead impact assessment and decisions related to technology choices, design/architectural considerations and implementation strategy.
Serve as subject matter expert in processes and methodologies with ability to adapt and improvise in various situations.
Responsible for providing technical leadership and defining, developing, and evolving software in a fast paced and agile development environment using the latest software development and infrastructure.
Lead the design efforts across the product or multiple product.
Provide expertise in core data structures and algorithms and their practical implementation.
Engage in technical discussions; participate in technical designs and present technical ideas through white boarding.
Provide mentorship and help develop more junior engineers.
Investigate and evaluate new technologies.
As a proponent of agile development methodologies, advocate for and help educate the team in the strong, ongoing adoption of Scrum and related practices.
Lead adoption of Test Driven Development and other XP programming techniques.
Working with the operations team, establish Continuous Integration and Continuous Development best practices.
Position could require moderate domestic travel.
Skills/Qualifications:
8+ years experience developing and supporting enterprise applications. 4+ years as a Technical Lead/Mentor 7+ years working with Java/J2EE.
Hands-on experience in web services (REST, SOAP, OAuth etc.), using Apache Commons Suite & Maven and SQL.
Experience with AWS or other cloud service.
Strong knowledge in software design, data structures, and relational databases.
Experience with Big Data / Hadoop and NoSQL databases is a big plus.
Experienced with Agile development (Scrum).
Experience working with SAAS enterprise applications.
Excellent oral and written communication, listening, and problem-solving skills.
Strong organizational and troubleshooting skills.
Ability to work across departmental boundaries to resolve issues.
