Title: Q1-USBA-DX-Technology Lead-Java full stack-Sunnyvale,CA
Company: Infosys
Location: Sunnyvale, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Description: Infosys is seeking Lead Java Full Stack Developer. This position will interface with key stakeholders and apply your technical proficiency across different stages of the Software Development Life Cycle including Requirements Elicitation, Application Architecture definition and Design. You will play an important role in creating the high level design artifacts. You will also deliver high quality code deliverables for a module, lead validation for all types of testing and support activities related to implementation, transition and warranty. You will be part of a learning culture, where teamwork and collaboration are encouraged, excellence is rewarded, and diversity is respected and valued.
Required Qualifications:
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Sunnyvale,CA or be willing to relocate to the area. This position may require travel in the US.
Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education.
At least 4 years of experience with Information Technologies.
Experience with Java full stack skill.
U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply, we are unable to sponsor at this time.
Preferred Qualifications:
At least 2 years of hands-on experience in developing solutions in Java and J2EE technologies
Experience with core Java
Working knowledge with Source code repository like GIT, Bitbucket.,
At least 2 years of experience in UI Technologies - Angular 4+
Should have 2 years of experience on developing Angular application with backend as Restful API
At least 2 years of strong coding experience in HTML, CSS and JavaScript
Working knowledge with Source code repository like GIT, Bitbucket.,
Experience in end to end setup and configuration of continuous integration tools such as Jenkins
Should be Delivering a complete and functioning front end application
Analytical skills
Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment
The job entails sitting as well as working at a computer for extended periods of time. Should be able to communicate by telephone, email or face to face. Travel may be required as per the job requirements.
About Us
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.
With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
To learn more about Infosys and see our ideas in action please visit us at www.Infosys.com
EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin
Auto req ID: 56010BR
State / Region / Province: California
Country: USA
Interest Group: Infosys Limited
Role: Technology Lead - US
Company: ITL USA
Work Location: Sunnyvale, CA
External Job Title: Sr Java Full Stack Developer
