Title: Java Developer - ASE5
Company: Wells Fargo
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Description
Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message.  In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as "Personal Cell" or "Cellular" in the contact information of your application.
At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.
Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.
Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargo's more than 70 million global customers.
We are looking for a Sr. Java developer to join our Cyber Security Corelation and Automation team.  We're looking for somebody who has a passion on working with an established tool set, under the Cyber Security Innovation team, at processing massive amounts of log data for cyber security use cases.  If dealing with a petabyte scale cluster and tens of terabytes of daily ingestion sounds like a problem you'd like to be involved in solving, than this is the position for you.
Required Qualifications
7+ years of application development and implementation experience
7+ years of Java experience
Desired Qualifications
Good verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
2 + years of experience with Elasticsearch development, integration or support
2+ years of Big Data experience
Knowledge and understanding of establishing or managing cyber threat management capabilities and functions
Other Desired Qualifications
3+ years of experience working on networks or  cyber security software applications
2+ years of experience with  Kafka
Street Address
IA-Des Moines:
800 Walnut St - Des Moines, IA
MN-Minneapolis:
255 2nd Ave S - Minneapolis, MN
AZ-Chandler:
2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ
AZ-PHX-Northwest Phoenix:
2222 W Rose Garden Ln - Phoenix, AZ
NC-Raleigh:
1100 Corporate Center Dr - Raleigh, NC
CA-SF-Financial District:
333 Market St - San Francisco, CA
NY-New York:
150 E 42nd St - New York, NY
TX-Irving:
2975 Regent Blvd - Irving, TX
TX-Plano:
4975 Preston Park Blvd - Plano, TX
IA-West Des Moines:
800 S Jordan Creek Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA
Disclaimer
All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
