Title: Java Developer
Company: IBSystems INC
Location: Wilmington, DE
Type: Full-Time

NOTE: Initial remote, must be willing to be on site after the pandemic clears
Need US CITIZENS OR GREEN CARD HOLDERS ONLY
Description:
As an experienced member of our Software Engineering group we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation & engineering practices. Expertise in various technology delivery concepts including Domain Driven Design, API oriented development, microservice and event based architectures, and automation are key. You will work on a team building cloud based solutions leveraging modern patterns with implementations in both our private and public cloud platforms.
Role Requirements:
Primarily responsible for the delivery of software as an Agile team member.
Champion leveraging modern technologies including cloud backed APIs, microservices and DevSec culture.
Responsible for all aspects of technology delivery.
Build and maintain relationships with business and technology team members.
Triage technical issues and work toward solving problems.
Required Skills/Experience:
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science or related field.
5+ years of experience on technical Delivery teams and enterprise products.
Demonstrated proficiency with server side languages such as Java, Python, Ruby, PHP and JavaScript frameworks such as Angular JS, React and Amber.
Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals.
Demonstrated experience building internet scale platforms from the ground up. Strong understanding of OOP & SOA principles, enterprise design patterns and industry best practices with experience using modern technology (e.g. Java, Cassandra, Kafka) and design patterns (e.g. microservices, APIs).
Strong understanding of Java concurrency, concurrency patterns and experience building thread safe code.
Expert level experience designing and building REST web services at internet scale.
Experience in cloud technologies and patterns (AWS, Google Cloud).
Experience with automated testing tools and capabilities (Cucumber, Selenium, ATDD, TDD).
Familiarity with database technology such as MySQL, Oracle or Amazon RDS and messaging technologies such as IBM MQ and Apache Kafka.
