Title: Senior Software Engineer (Java, C, C ++)
Company: E*TRADE
Location: Menlo Park, CA
Type: Full-Time

More than 30 years ago, E*TRADE pioneered the online brokerage industry by executing the first-ever electronic individual investor trade. While the landscape of our industry has changed dramatically, our culture of innovation and drive to make online trading accessible to everyone continues to drive us forward. We believe in challenging the status quo, fostering an environment of curiosity and learning, and, above all, putting our customers first.
SUMMARY
This is a Senior Software Engineer position in the Core Brokerage & Trading technology team. Candidate will be responsible for design and development of software components for high performance on-line trading systems and applications, with primary focus on order vetting/management and trade processing systems and applications. Candidate will need to have high energy and be highly motivated, and must have demonstrated success in a fast paced environment.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Applicant will have the responsibility of upgrading the existing core brokerage trading platform to a newer OS version.
The successful applicant will have responsibility for designing, developing and maintaining large scale software projects for the core brokerage trading platform.
The candidate will get actively involved in developing new products and troubleshooting issues related to retail trading systems when required.
Produce detailed design specifications from functional Specification.
Act as the lead contributor in designing, coding, testing, debugging, documenting and supporting all types of applications consistent with established specifications and business requirements to deliver business value.
Develop business solutions by creating new, and modifying existing, software applications.
Follow good software development practices (Functional specs, Design specs, Code reviews, Unit Test, Functional Test).
Basic
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
6 years of Software Design and Development Experience on Linux/Unix platform
Preferred
Strong C / C++, Java, Perl, SQL, and Shell scripting
Strong debugging skills with C/C++ binaries and exposure to debugging tools.
Strong understanding of C/C++ Compiler options with respect to Performance and Portability.
Strong understanding of C/C++ build scripts.
Strong Skills in relational database ( preferably Sybase and Oracle)
Strong Design Skills
Strong skills and experience in working with high-volume highly scalable transaction processing systems
Strong Analytical Skills with ability to understand and develop complex algorithms is a plus.
Have experience working with IT development methodologies throughout the Software Development Cycle (SDLC)
Working knowledge of object-oriented analysis and development methodology is a plus.
Experience with performance testing and tuning distributed application
Strong communications skills (written, verbal, and presentation)
Must be a quick learner, a team player, and have the ability to work independently
Commitment to excellence and high standards
Strong interpersonal skills
Ability to deal effectively with a diversity of individuals at all organizational levels
Creative, flexible, and innovative team player
Ability to work independently and as a member of various teams
Experience in financial domain is a plus
Proficiency in development of real-time distributed software systems desired
We offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Please visit https://www.etradecareers.com/why-work-at-etrade/employee-benefits/ to learn more about the opportunities.
E*TRADE Financial is an Equal Opportunity Employer who encourages diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, disability, citizenship, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
