Title: Java Developer
Company: Silicus Technologies
Location: Sunnyvale, CA
Type: Full-Time

Description
Infogain is seeking Java Developer who will join a hands-on development team for our customer that fosters creativity and generates novel solutions to deliver engineering excellence where dynamic, people and inspiring, innovative technologies are the norm.
You will interact with many other group's internal team to deliver best-in-class products in an exciting fast-paced environment.
CANDIDATE PROFILE
Strong programming expertise in Core Java, Multi-threading and SQL Server
Experience in implementing solutions that handle high availability and concurrency with low latency requirements.
Should have excellent debugging skills
Undertake performance improvements via GC analysis, JVM tuning, code reviews etc.
Hands on experience publishing and consuming web services - REST/SOAP is a plus
Experience with relational databases such as Oracle. This would include schema design, writing DML queries and performance tuning queries is a plus
Excellent organizational, verbal, written communication, and interpersonal skills with a high degree of attention to detail
A high work ethic and a desire to learn new skills, develop additional expertise and improve personally
Bachelors degree in STEM or related field is preferred
ABOUT THE COMPANY
Infogain is a Silicon Valley headquartered company with software platform engineering and deep domain expertise in travel, retail, insurance and high technology. We accelerate the delivery of digital customer engagement systems using digital technologies such as cloud, microservices, robotic process automation and artificial intelligence to our clients.
Our unique engagement approach of Listen-Curate-Deliver helps to accelerate the innovation journey of 5 of the world s largest 50 companies and 24 of the Fortune 500, with several relationships of over 10 years.
We deliver positive business outcomes using rapid prototyping and a solid foundation of DevOps-based software platform engineering that ensure high-quality and on-time delivery.
Our 4,000 global employees across the US, UK, Singapore, Middle East and India focus on client value creation, delivery excellence and innovation.
