Title: Sr Software Engineer - Java
Company: General Electric
Location: San Ramon, CA
Pay: $144,040 Annually

Essential Responsibilities:Responsible for designing and programming features of the Applied Intelligence platform. Develop high performing, scaling and innovative end-to-end web applications. Collaborate with system engineers, frontend developers and software developers to implement solutions that are aligned with and extend shared platforms and solutions. Apply principles of SDLC and methodologies like Lean/Agile/XP, CI, Software and Product Security, Scalability, Documentation Practices, refactoring and Testing Techniques. Write code that complies with defined company standards and guidelines, deliver desired functionality using the selected technology for the project/product. Understand performance parameters and assess application performance. Work on core data structures, algorithms and implement them using language of choice. Work closely with solution architect/product owner to review design and work packages deliverables.
Qualifications/Requirements:The primary requirements are a Bachelor's degree, or foreign degree equivalent, in Computer Science or in "STEM" Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math), and 5 years of  progressively responsible post-Bachelor's degree experience in a related occupation. Alternatively, a Master's degree, or foreign degree equivalent, in Computer Science or in "STEM" Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math), and 3 years of experience in a related occupation is acceptable. The position also requires: 3 years experience in Software Development; 3 years experience applying principles of SDLC and methodologies like Lean/Agile/XP, CI, Software and Product Security, Scalability, Documentation Practices, refactoring or Testing Techniques; 3 years experience with Object Oriented Analysis and Design, Software Design Patterns and Java coding principles; 3 years experience with public cloud infrastructure such as Amazon Web Services(AWS) or Azure; 3 years experience building scalable applications; 3 years experience developing applications with Java and use of popular frameworks including Spring, Junit, JBehave; 3 years experience building REST API and microservices; 3 years experience building with SQL or No SQL databases; and 3 years experience building and deployment of scalable and highly available distributed systems. GE Healthcare IITS USA Corp. will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.  Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen.
About Us:GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE's mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).Additional Locations:United States;California;San Ramon;
