Title: Senior Full Stack Java Developer
Company: ALTA IT Services, LLC
Location: Rockville, MD
Type: Full-Time

ALTA is supporting a client in Rockville, MD with a
Sr. Fullstack Java Developer
opening.
Eligible resources are required to have lead/mentoring experience and at least 10 years of experience in core java.
The main function of a Java Developer is to design, develop, and implement web-based Java applications to support business requirements.
For immediate interest please send your resume to Beth Morris at bmorris@altaits.com.
Top Skills Required:
Backend development with Spring and SpringBoot
AWS
Agile
Job Responsibilities:
Are you passionate about technology? Do you love programming? Do you sometimes pat yourself on the back after writing a particularly elegant function? Are you an aficionado of the art of software design? Do you expect the best from yourself and those around you?
We are looking for passionate developers who want to make a difference. If you are a rock-solid developer, a strong communicator, and a self-starter who can grab hold of a challenge and dive deep with it, then please join our delivery-focused team.
Job Responsibilities
Able to grok complex business requirements
Provide tech expertise for analysis, design, and modeling work
Be delivery-focused
Be quality-focused
Design, develop, implement, test, deploy, and support Java-based software in the AWS Cloud
Leverage Java best practices to design, test, implement, and support mission critical applications
Ensure security and compliance requirements are met
Ship great products!
Experience & Qualifications
8+ years of experience required, including some commercial/non-government work
Hands on experience designing, developing, implementing, testing, and deploying large scale Java/J2EE projects
Believes in Scrum/Agile, and has deep experience delivering software when working on teams that use Scrum/Agile methodology
Strong and creative analytical and problem-solving skills
Required Technical Skills & Knowledge
Spring stack (DI, AOP, Security, Boot, etc.)
JPA/Hibernate
REST APIs
Unit testing with JUnit
Git/Gradle
The following skills are a plus:
Relational Database Experience
AWS Cloud
Agile
ALTA IT Services, LLC. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other factor.
