Title: Java/Cloud Developer
Company: Experis
Location: Santa Clara, CA
Type: Full-Time

Summary:
This position will be developing code in foundation of cloud platform architecture that provides a framework for users and developers to run their own microservice or SaaS applications. The ideal candidate for this position will also have experience with PaaS platform development. Provides technical leadership for those involved in the development, design and optimization of one or more information technology and systems functions of Cloud software engineering.
Responsibilities:
Lead for designing architecture for an organization on an enterprise level supporting national and regional future and present computing needs for NEC Cloud Software engineering.
Responsible for the modernization of current technology infrastructure and future business expansion plans.
Design, architect and manage software infrastructure frameworks focused on the transactional tier and its related componentry like microservices.
Keep up with current technologies leveraging Docker, Kubernetes or other deployment techniques.
Investigate production security problems, perform root-cause analysis and create detailed, high-quality reports on remediation strategies.
Help resolve complex technical issues and drive innovation that improves system security and performance.
Qualifications
8+ years of software development experience for cloud software development.
Hands on experience supporting delivery through Agile methodologies
Proficiency in all phases of the software life cycle, including gathering requirements, writing functional specifications, writing design specifications, coding, debugging, testing and documentation for Cloud Software Engineering.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent. - Master is preferred
Full-stack developer with experience in Java, NodeJS, Java Script, Mongo DB
Experience in Kafka or other messaging frameworks
Experience with Linux platform.
Experience with Microservices architecture, RESTfull API.
Knowledge of containerization technologies (Docker, etc.)
Familiarity with building or supporting AWS, Azure based solutions.
Experience working with automated build systems (Jenkins)
Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
