Title: Java developer
Company: Tekfortune Inc.
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

Role: Java developer with Tibco
Location: San Francisco, CA
Interview Mode: Skype
Duration: 6 Months
Mandatory Skills: Java, Tibco
Experience: 8+ Years
Job Description:
Here are some specifics:
Provide solution implementation including system set-ups, development, system and integration testing, unit testing.
Work as part on a fast-paced payment engineering scrum team delivering features.
Collaborate with business partners to understand their needs and proactively lead them to solutions.
Troubleshoot application issues and coordinate issue resolution with operations, functional, and technical teams.
What you will need to succeed:
8 years of experience in software engineering and architecture experience in a fast-paced corporate environment.
Comprehensive experience in Java, J2EE, JSP, EJB, HTML, XML, Web 2.0, AJAX, REST, JSON Web Services, Oracle Database and PL-SQL.
Experience in CD/CI tools, Jenkins. Maven, SoapUI.
Experience generating technical Documents, Test plans, Test cases, functional solution documentation.
Experience with architecture design concepts and techniques and the ability to communicate and evangelize those concepts to a broad-based team.
Understanding of various development methodologies, including: Traditional Waterfall and Iterative Development Methods (Unified Process and Agile).
Strong problem-solving skills, ability to triage technical issues and drive resolution with cross functional teams.
Thrives on working under pressure in a fast-paced multi-project environment.
Must be able to multi-task, handling numerous competing priorities.
What will make you stand out:
Hands on experience integrating with banks, acquirers and processors in an ecommerce environment.
Experience in TIBCO major software, Business Works, Business Events, EMS, Hawk, and Adapters will be an asset.
Have proven experience in working with a team of engineers and Service providers in a geographically. distributed structure.
Strong communication skills with ability to interact with partners globally.
Fluency in more than one language (English required).
