Title: Senior Java Engineer
Company: ON24
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

Description
ON24 is the global leader in webinar-based marketing solutions that drive demand generation and customer engagement. Its patented cloud-based platform features interactive and immersive user interface and industry-leading webinar analytics for events, campaigns and benchmarking. Providing one-click access from any computer or mobile device, ON24's award-winning solutions are integrated with leading CRM and marketing automation platforms, enabling marketers to optimize demand generation, enhance lead qualification and accelerate opportunities in their sales pipelines.
As a senior engineer you will working on some of our most visible products. These products get >2 million monthly hits. You will be a part of a young and agile team working across multiple time zones.
Responsibilities:
Being an individual contributor.
Collaborating with the front-end and other back-end developers to discuss about the code design/architecture.
Working with QA and Customer success team on need basis.
Able to work on ad-hoc custom development requests on need basis.
Support one or more platforms or applications from the back-end perspective.
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in computer programming, computer science, or a related field.
Java and JEEE developer with 5+ years of experience
Should have recent work experience with the following technologies: JSP, Servlets, EJB 3, JPA, JMS, Oracle DB and Code repository tool like Perforce.
Solid understanding of Application Servers (preferably WebLogic) and Web Servers (preferably Apache).
Good to have knowledge on SAML, Apache Kafka, Weblogic Coherence, Shell scripts, APM tools and ELK stack.
Some development knowledge & experience with HTML, JS and CSS.
Excellent troubleshooting skills and problem-solving skills.
Good verbal and written communication skills.
A self-learner with minimal guidance
ON24 is proud to be an equal employment opportunities (EEO) workplace to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, ON24 complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, ON24 will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records
