Title: Sr Front End Java Developer with Angular; W2 Requirement ; Local to TX
Company: IntelliSoft Technologies
Location: Plano, TX
Pay: $48 to $51 Hourly

Intellisoft Technologies is a leading global information technology firm that specializes in Big Data & AI serving fortune 500 clients for past 21years. Company has been globally recognized for its comprehensive portfolio of services, innovation in technology and strong commitment to sustainability, governed by technocrats with industry experience.
At IntelliSoft, our professional development team helps your career by identifying right opportunities and guide you to acquire latest technologies in this fast paced technology world.  We believe in our employees and provide them excellent benefits.
Job Title :Front End Java Developer with Angular
Location : Plano, TX
Position Type : 6 months on W2
Required Skills :
Amazon Web Services (AWS), Angular, Typescript, CSS, HTML, UI Backend services in Java and Rest API
Basic Qualifications :
Angular 4+
Job Description :
Responsibilities:
Designs, Develops, and Implements web-based Java applications to support business requirements.
Follows approved life cycle methodologies, creates design documents, and performs software development (coding) and testing.
Resolves technical issues through debugging, research, and investigation.
Requirements:
Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and 5+ years of experience in the field or in a related area.
Knowledge with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field.
Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Performs a variety of tasks.
A degree of creativity and latitude is required
Must be self-driven and have a complete understanding of Enterprise SDLC processes
Tech Stack
5+ years of solid experience in building and enhancing highly-available applications
Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS/SASS, HTML, npm.
Should have the ability to work integrating UI with back-end services built using Java technology stack & REST APIs in Cloud Environment.
Dharma Veer
US IT Recruiter
Intellisoft Technologies INC
1320 Greenway Dive, #460. Irving, TX 75
8
03
dharma at intellisofttech dot com
Phone: (972) – 756 - 1212 Ext 128
Direct: 463-723-2841
Linked in:
www.linkedin.com/in/dharma-veer-12705b54/
