Title: Java Architect
Company: Inherent Technologies
Location: Emeryville, CA
Type: Full-Time

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Plays a key role as the technical solution architect for various projects, especially strategic projects for the bank.
Play the role of an Evangelist to socialize solution designs and the value of architecture to solve complex problems.
Responsible for producing solution architecture artifacts and deliverables. Lead and participate in solution architecture reviews in an iterative fashion to achieve optimal designs.
Document architecture decisions and why those decisions were made.
Acts as a technical expert addressing problems relating to systems integration, compatibility, and multiple platform integration.
Keeps current with trends and technological innovations in the banking and IT industry, and makes appropriate development recommendations.
Actively participate in architecture forums to present new thoughts and ideas as well as provide feedback on others' topics.
Partner closely with infrastructure architects, engineers, developers and other technical resources.
Interacts and consults with appropriate business analysts to understand application requirements and defines architectural components to meet those requirements.
Develops architectural plans and roadmaps supportive of the business objectives.
Documents architecture appropriately and consistently within the defined architectural process.
Ensures for realistic and tactical solutions.
Negotiates priorities and resolves conflicts among stakeholders and project team(s).
Education & Experience:
10+ years of experience in IT preferably from an IT development background. 5 years or more of that experience as a Solution/Application Architect
Experience with banking and payments
Experience with Java/JEE type of environment in enterprise scale projects
Experience with various integration technologies (API Management, ESB, Messaging, etc.)
Experience with web and mobile solution architectures
Experience with Cloud technologies, esp Salesforce, AWS, Azure
Experience in Banking domain with expertise in Payments is a big plus
Effective written, verbal, presentation and listening skills
Application Design, solution & Implementation.
Strong knowledge and good hands on Java, REST, SOAP, spring and Angular JS
Understands application architectures and has good command over module platforms
convert business requirements into a design and has the ability to see through the modular issues
Provide applications and projects with technical support for Java technologies
Provides guidance and technical expertise for research efforts involving Java technologies
Participates in architecture and design of solution; leads module level design and implementation
Facilitates and coordinates between the various stakeholders
Good communication skills and able to work across broad spectrum of user and development communities
Working experience in PCF, Cloud technologies
Integration apps with legacy systems, working with Queues etc
