Title: Java Software Engineer (Front-End)
Company: Study.com
Location: Mountain View, CA
Type: Full-Time

About Study.com
We are a profitable, fast growing technology company on a mission to make education accessible. Our focus is to simplify and accelerate learning and help people unlock opportunities for a better future.
Study.com helps over 30 million students and teachers each month improve grades, gain career skills and earn college credit through our video-based micro-learning platform.  We?ve built our platform from the ground up, leveraging data and technology to make the entire learning process simple and engaging.
As a fast growing, independent company, our employees have a direct impact on company direction and results. We are looking for passionate, talented individuals to join our team, so we can have an even bigger impact towards our mission.
We are located in the heart of downtown Mountain View, just a few steps from the Caltrain station. We only hire top talent, so those who pass our rigorous interview process will find themselves as part of one of the brightest and most innovative teams in Silicon Valley.
We have a culture of social responsibility. As we continue to generate profits, we give back to the community through our Working Scholars scholarship program that helps hundreds of low-income workers in the Bay Area earn a bachelor?s degree at no cost and achieve economic and career mobility. We also donate to charitable organizations that help provide open access to information and education throughout the poorest regions of the world.
Study.com was recently ranked as an Inc. Best Place to Work!  Come join us on our mission and make a difference.
About the Java Software Engineer Position
As a Java Software Engineer at Study.com you can?
+ Find creative solutions to scaling bottlenecks in our microservice architecture as we double our student population
+ Develop new mobile app features to make teachers more effective
+ Leverage machine learning techniques to make lessons and study aids easier to find by students
+ Deliver new online and mobile experiences for test takers
+ Apply performance enhancements that let millions of learners world-wide focus on their goals, not their browser
NOTE: This position is located in-house at our Mountain View, CA location.
At a minimum, you should have these technical qualifications for this role:
+ 2+ years' experience in Java and J2EE technologies in a business environment
+ 2+ years? crafting front-end experiences using modern HTML, CSS, and Javascript
+ Be able to write, structure and debug Javascript with an eye toward client-side performance
+ BS or MS in Computer Science or related field
+ Background in relational databases (MySQL preferred)
You could be a great fit for the team if you?
+ Desire to work in a collaborative, team-based environment built around Scrum
+ Are passionate about developing your skills, learning from and sharing your knowledge with your team
+ Love to build and ship end-to-end features that are used by millions of users
+ Enjoy integrating, configuring, and tuning NoSQL data stores such as Solr and Cassandra
+ Transform UI designs and mockups into features users love using CSS3 and JavaScript frameworks such as Bootstrap and Angular
+ Emphasize simplicity and pragmatism, reflected in your elegant code which other developers emulate
Why work for Study.com?
+ Help make education accessible to people who need it
+ Enjoy a fun, casual and collaborative working environment
+ Join a profitable and financially stable company
+ Help guide company decisions and direction
+ See results of your work in days, not years
+ Have your work impact 30+ million students and teachers each month
+ Work with other talented and passionate team members
Benefits:
+ Competitive compensation
+ 401(k) retirement plan with employer matching
+ 20 days of flexible paid time off annually (increases to 30 days over 5 years)
+ Additional 10 paid holidays annually
+ Comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans
+ Fully subsidized Caltrain pass
+ Tuition reimbursement and gift matching programs
+ Stocked kitchen and beverages provided
+ Company sponsored gym memberships
+ Happy hours and company events to celebrate accomplishments
Study.com provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran or disability status. In addition to federal law requirements, Study.com complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.  Additionally, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for the position in accordance with applicable state and local laws.
