Title: Java Backend Developer : 20-01200
Company: Akraya Inc.
Location: San Jose, CA
Type: Contractor

Primary Skills: Java, Spring,
Guice, No-SQL
Duration: 6+ Months
Contract Type: W2 Only
Qualifications:
7+ years hands-on experience working with large-scale server side development in a production environment.
Expert in Java language features, Object Oriented and Modular programming.
Design Patterns, Spring, Guice framework expertise required.
Excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures and algorithms.
Proficient in Database design and deep understanding of RDBMS/no-SQL/Elastic clusters
Experience with RESTful service & API design at scale.
Advanced knowledge of Java and JAX-RS with command of multi-threaded concurrency.
Familiarity with Spring is a plus.
Strong exposure to Agile methodologies and Scrum with successful track-record of deliveries.
Participate in architecture discussions, lead product design, code reviews and propose solutions to system and product changes.
Experience working with other groups such as Build/Release, Operations, Load and Performance, Security & QE.
Strong verbal and written communication skills and can work well with a diverse set of professionals.
Able to work in a fast paced, iterative development environment.
To follow up with any questions, please contact Sourabh Singh at 408-907-2967
Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).
If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.
Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
