Title: Java FullStack Architect
Company: Fabergent Inc
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Full-Time

Java FullStack Architect
+ San Francisco, CA, USA
+ Contract
Minimum 10 years of software engineering experience.
At least 5 years of experience in technology consulting, enterprise and solutions architecture and architectural frameworks.
At least 2 years of experience architecting and developing cloud native full stack solutions using AWS developer with knowledge of SDK and Java programming knowledge
Had architected solutions using AWS native platform. Hand-on experience of CICD pipeline.
Has extensive and deep working knowledge of Cloud.
Formation Templates and creating architecture designs using requirements.
Participate in technical planning & requirements gathering phases including Design, code, test, troubleshoot, and document engineering software applications.
Ensuring that technical software development process is followed on the project, familiar with industry best practices for software development.
Minimum 2 years of experience developing applications with React JS.
Minimum 5 years of experience with Java/JEE, specifically Microservices development
Minimum 1 year of experience developing applications with Spring Boot.
Experience delivering cloud native solutions.
Demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience level.
Strong experience with HTML5, CSS3, Angular, Java Standard Edition 8 , Java Enterprise Edition, Spring 4, Spring Boot, Spring MVC , jQuery or Angular or React , JSP ,JSTL , Spring AOP/Annotations/Security , Apache Tiles, Apache CXF, Apache Maven, Junit, Rest Web Services, SQL, Oracle & My SQL, Unix Scripting (Korn Shell), Git, Jira, Bamboo ,Jenkins, Bitbucket , Docker, Microservices , DevOps concepts , AWS Cloud concepts - S3, ECS, EC2, Security , HTML5, CSS3, Angular, JavaScript (ES6), and responsive web design.
Strong debugging, problem solving and investigative skills. Ability to assimilate disparate information (log files, error messages etc.) and pursue leads to find root cause problems.
Experience with Agile/Scrum methodology.
Self-starter who can work independently.
Bachelor's Degree in MIS, Computer Science, Math, Engineering or comparable major.
Strong consulting and communication skills both written and verbal.
