Title: Core Java Developer
Company: Apex Systems
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Full-Time

Core Java Developer in
San Francisco, CA
at APEX Systems
Date Posted: 11/7/2018
Apply
Not ready to Apply?
Job Snapshot
+ Employee Type:
Contractor
+ Location:
San Francisco, CA
+ Job Type:
Mobile Development
+ Experience:
Not Specified
+ Date Posted:
11/7/2018
Job Description
Job #:   907722
Manager is looking for a core Java developer with UI development experience using UI frameworks like Angular or React. Experience using Bootstrap is desirable.  Position Summary   Provide leadership and deep technical expertise in all aspects of solution design and application development for specific business environments. Focus on setting technical direction on groups of applications and similar technologies as well as taking responsibility for technically robust solutions encompassing all business, architecture, and technology constraints. May be responsible for coordinating teams to accomplish development in a matrixed organization. Typically requires 5-7 years of experience.   Required Skills   Design, Develop & Prototype Android, iOS native customer applications for phones and tablets for internal and external use. Participate in full app life-cycle: concept, design, build, deploy, test and release to app store. Work with product teams on new product ideas, designs, prototypes and estimates. Keep up-to-date on current and upcoming features in relevant products and platforms. Drive a best practices approach to the continuous improvement of our products, processes, and tools. Write and maintain documentation for all features in development   Desired Skills   Experience working with Google or Apple Mobile Application technologies. Demonstrated interest in technology, technology-related issues and analytical analysis. High performance and standards as demonstrated by academic or previous job experience. Effective collaborator with both non-technical and technical team members. Motivated self-starter with a high attention to detail. Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, team-based environment. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Strong focus on troubleshooting and issue resolution.
EEO Employer
Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at  844-463-6178
