Title: SeniorMTS - Java Backend Software DeveloperNetworkData Analytics
Company: Dell
Location: Palo Alto, CA
Type: Full-Time

For the second year, VMware SD-WAN by VeloCloud leads the WAN Edge Infrastructure market, continuing to be placed furthest in Completeness of Vision and highest in Ability to Execute. VeloCloud, now part of VMware is the only complete solution with all the key elements of a CloudDelivered WAN. VeloCloud dramatically simplifies the WAN by delivering virtualized services from the cloud to branch offices and mobile users everywhere. VeloCloud services deliver enterprise grade performance, visibility and control over both Internet and private networks, combining the economy of the Internet with the flexibility of the cloud. More information is available at  http://www.velocloud.com  at http://www.velocloud.com/
Do you love to make new things, design and develop technologies that will be used by legions of people? Do you want to learn about new groundbreaking networking and cloud technologies in a hands-on, fun and exhilarating environment? Then come join us. We pay as much attention to building a culture of fast learning in a fun and trustworthy environment as we do to building our products.
Learn Fast, Trust each other, Have Fun. That embodies the culture of VeloCloud by VMware.
Role Description:
Design and develop a highly scalable and available cloud back using Cassandra, Elastic Search, and Spark analytics platforms
Optimization and performance tuning to process large volume of data streams for analysis and persistence
Design and develop APIs and data models to support analytics and front-end UI
Requirements:
3+years experiencein OOD/OOP and Java/Scala and distributed systems
Experience building highly available, scalable cloud applications, including server and database layers
Working experience with NoSQL and relational databases
Experience in using profilers (e.g.JProfiler,Yourkit) and debuggers to identify bottlenecks and tune performance
BS in CS or related field
Preferred Skills:
Experience with AWS orotherIaaS
Strong in Python and/or shell scripting
Experience with Kafka, Elastic Search, Cassandra, Redis, Spark
VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. VMware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
Category :
Engineering and Technology
Subcategory: Software Engineering
Experience:
Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time:
Full Time
Work From Home:
No
Posted Date:
2020-03-29
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe.  At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what's possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
