Title: Sr. iSeries/Java Developer
Company: Resolution Technologies
Location: Brentwood, TN
Type: Full-Time

Sr. iSeries/Java Developer
This position will write code to ensure plans are accomplished and be responsible for system development and analysis.
Be responsible for helping modernize our iSeries IBMi environment to function as a more advanced auction management system.
Ideal candidate has experience developing in RPG applications in an ILE environment and using Embedded SQL with some Java and a strong desire to elevate and modernize the application.
Will require creative thinking, problem solving, and well thought out architecture to implement innovative solutions.
The position will write code to ensure the strategic plans and tactical implementation are accomplished.
Other duties include system development, analysis, support application systems that stretch across all layers and in many instances operating environments— from IBM System i application design with some understanding of web and connection oriented services, to balancing the client side capabilities.
Key to success is achieving the right solution scope within the greater organizational goals while balancing available time and resources.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Candidates must have employment authorization to work in the US for an indefinite period of time without requiring sponsorship
Work directly with the business to understand business requirements and translate them into functional and technical design documents
Ability to handle multiple tasks as well as work well under pressure and meet project deadlines or targets
Conduct code reviews for the deliverables prepared by other team members, capture review/test defects & perform causal analysis at regular intervals to prevent a recurrence
Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to maintain effective relations with team members and clients
Work on production support; handle critical situations and resolution of tickets raised by business users
Evaluate opportunities across multiple technologically divergent legacy systems
Accountable for both well considered, longer term architecture and implementation with a mix of issues that must be mitigated to the greatest extent possible and turned around quickly to customers
Provide cross-training for development team, communicating clearly to meet organizational goals
Take strategic plans and make the tactical implementations happen in code
Work closely with the customer support team while utilizing the ticket system.
Evaluate opportunities across multiple disparate and technologically divergent legacy systems.
Provide cross-training for the development team and ensure thorough documentation is provided for all products.
Communicates clearly, concisely and accurately with cross-functional team members to meet organizational goals.
Willing and eager to be part of the solution to a problem. Taking the strategic plans and making the tactical implementations happen in code.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
10 years of hands on development experience
with IBM iSeries platform solutions
and modern software stacks such as:
o
J2EE web-based applications
,
o Object Oriented technologies,
o relational databases,
o
Java
,
o Hibernate,
o Struts,
o and Application Servers such as Tomcat and Glassfish
Knowledge of
iSeries API' s, Data queues, User queues
, multithreading, Journaling and IBM iSeries file systems such as Library based system etc.
Ability to develop, test, Debug, and modify application programs or code using:
o RPGIII,
o RPGIV RPG Free,
o CL/ CLP,
o DB2/SQL
o and RPG/ILE programming
Experience implementing service oriented solutions and awareness of the tradeoffs in implementations and data formats.
o RPG,
o CL,
o embedded-SQL,
o DDS
Experience creating/maintaining service programs, stored procedures and SQL views
Ability to self-prioritize and move forward on multiple projects at once
Design and develop technical solutions that are secure, robust, performant, and scalable
Understand engineering costs across all aspects of product delivery, including: development effort, scalability, deployment complexity, run-time cost, and maintainability
Write quality code that’ s correct, well-factored, documented, testable, and maintainable
Measure, find, and fix performance issues
Research current trends, best practices, development libraries, and frameworks
Experience in authoring code for large scale architecture, high performance Web services, software development lifecycles, and a track record of delivery of architectural designs
Ability to balance and articulate factors informing and supporting a position on the relative importance of both expected and unexpected opportunities in code
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Knowledge of T.L. Ashford Barcode software, ACOM forms and windows based software
Familiar with MDCMS or other change management software
Computer Science degree
Knowledge of auto auction industry
Knowledge of JavaScript
GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Conduct oneself with integrity, honesty and knowledge to promote a respectful work environment.
Follows up on decisions, actions and commitments.
Ability to work across various teams.
Work closely with QA staff.
Work with senior IBM System i Developers to transition and learn Edge supported modules as requested by Development Manager.
