Title: Java Developer
Company: Ultimate Staffing Services
Location: Agoura Hills, CA
Benefits: Vision

Our client is an American residential mortgage company and we are seeking a Java Developer for a contract to hire opportunity located in Agoura Hills, CA
LOCAL CANDIDATES PREFERRED
No C2C Candidates
Hourly Rate:
Competitive
Job Description
SQL developer who will be responsible for designing databases and ensuring their stability, reliability, and performance. You will also work support the Financial Team in optimizing in-application SQL statements as necessary and establishing best practices.
Responsibilities
Ability to perform routine DBA tasks including setting up access policy, data migrations, ETL operations, troubleshooting, and performance optimization
Programming experience with emphasis on designing complex SQL queries and business components
Experience in the physical and logical design of database architecture and exposure to building dimensional data models
Experience with Linux operating system is a big plus
Excellent written and verbal communication ability
Must be highly proficient in Excel and Word
Must be a team player with strong attention to detail and able to work independently
Proven track record at delivering timely and accurate information in a fast-paced environment
Excellent critical thinking, problem solving, mathematical skills and sound judgment
Financial Services and, if possible, mortgage industry experience preferred
Strong business acumen and ability to interface with executive management
Skills and Qualifications
7+ years development experience in Java, Spring and Hibernate.
Experience building and optimizing applications for cloud environments, (AWS experience a plus.)
5 years experience in Java Web Services.
Experience with MVC architecture, Maven, Git.
3 plus years experience in Database technologies: Postgresql, MS SQL
Experience in HTML, Javascript, KendoUI, bootstrap
Conversant in using tools like Postman, SoapUI.
Benefits:
We put our Ambassadors first. When it comes down to it, we know we can’t fulfill our Promise to our business customers without your commitment. You represent our organization while on assignment. In return, we do our best to show our dedication to you. Our Ambassador Benefits package includes Medical, dental, and vision coverage. It also includes 401k, sick time, holiday, and much more. We are an equal opportunity employer.
