Title: Java Full stack with MicroServices
Company: Techlink Systems
Location: San Francisco, CA
Benefits: Vision

Detailed Job Description:
Title:   # Java Full stake with Micro Services
Location: Downtown San Francisco, CA
Duration: ~- Contract to hire
Job Description
As part of Digital Technology Team - Design, Develop and document microservice and system components consisting of several objects working together to execute a business function of the larger system. Interact with software architects or other Business /technical leader to understand subsystem and component specifications and recommend changes to facilitate efficient and effective development. Interact with representatives of other cross-functional teams to understand and/or recommend requirements and strategies for the project
Duties And Responsibilities
Work with the business and IT team to understand business problems, and to design, implement, and deliver an appropriate solution using Agile methodology across the larger program. 15%
Develops code and test artifacts that reuse subroutines or objects, is well structured, backed by automated tests, includes sufficient comments and is easy to maintain 10%
Work independently to implement solutions on multiple platforms (DEV, QA, UAT, PROD) 5%
Provide technical direction, leadership, and reviews to other engineers working on the same project 5%
Implement and debug subsystems/microservice and components. 5%
Participate in integrated test sessions of components and subsystems on test and production servers. 5%
Follows automate-first/automate-everything philosophy 5%
Determine and communicate the implications of system-level decisions on subsystems and components, and help determine how best to mitigate or take advantage of these implications 5%
Perform tasks efficiently and work together with the team to ensure project success. 5%
Support management of the team’s technical infrastructure (e.g., repository, build system, testing system) under guidance from the systems engineer or another project leader 5%
Hands-on in multiple programming paradigms, not limited to Object-Oriented 5%
Skills, Knowledge, and Abilities: Required Skills/Experience
5+ years IT-Software/ Software products
Bachelors in Science – Computer Science or equivalent
Hands-on experience with system programming, development of service/module type of applications in Java, Nodejs, and mainstream scripting.
Understanding of Microservice technologies including- Sprint Boot, Java, Javascript, Node Js, Git, Jenkins
SQL Server, Stored Procedure,
Kafka
Openshift, Apigee API Integration platform
Preferred Skills/Experience
Container style of programing– Micro-services, Docker, Openshift
Experienced across programming languages, patterns and data structures.
Adequate hands-on experience with Multi-Threaded development covering thread aync & synchronization, locks, database concurrency, Good knowledge, and experience.
Applied knowledge of Object Orientated programming concept (OOPS), Microservices, Operating System (OS) concept and UML
Proficient with software Architecture, design patterns and strong demonstrated experience in building frameworks.
Strong computer science background including distributed computing.
Good knowledge of software development tools and methodologies.
Good knowledge of secure coding practices is a plus.
Thorough understanding and hands-on experience in the development of all layers of enterprise applications to analyze system scalability, integration, and performance issues as well as internationalization utilizing either Unicode and/or multi-byte databases
Good exposure of software development life cycle, development process flow and the usage of their tools
Must be aware of Agile, Incremental or spiral development methodology
Excellent diagnostic and troubleshooting skills, problem-solving, and an ability to learn quickly
Domain Knowledge in Financial Service is a plus
Good communication skill to articulate views/thoughts with team and partners or customers without any gap
Willingness and ability to learn new technologies
Expert knowledge of computer languages, data structures, program design methods, and techniques.
Ability to troubleshoot complex problems systematically
Self-motivated, thorough, and methodical
Overall knowledge of the computing environment at large, e.g. typical uses and user populations of operating systems, communications protocols, hardware platforms, etc
Physical Requirements:
Vision must be sufficient to read data reports, manuals, and computer screens.
The hearing must be sufficient to understand a conversation at a normal volume, including telephone calls and in person.
Speech must be coherent to clearly convey or exchange information, including the giving and receiving of assignments and/or directions.
Position involves sitting most of the time but may involve walking or standing for brief periods of time.
Must be able to travel in a limited capacity.
