Title: Full Stack Java Developer
Company: Experis
Location: Nashville, TN
Type: Full-Time

Must be able to work with Experis as our hourly w/2 employee.
Not open to transfer H-1 at this time and the position is not open to sub-vendors (corp. to corp.).
MUST be local to the Nashville area.
Java full stack developer
Our client is looking for a passionate engineer with a strong focus on delivery.
Develop features front-to-back in an agile environment.
Support the engineering and integration of a vendor based product.
Further optimize the continuous integration and deployment processes .
Support product management driving the product roadmap.
Work closely with and advise Business Analysts, Testers and Management on technical matters.
Work on product packaging and support deployment activities.
Analyze, develop and deliver global solutions to maintain or change the IT systems with our business counterparts.
As a Developer you'll play an important role in developing systems in a proper way.
Resilient team player with strong interpersonal skills taking initiative to drive things forward .
Able to multitask and work on different projects in parallel, accurate and focused on deliverable.
Keen to develop subject matter expertise on our core vendor product and solutions overall .
An excellent communicator who can partner with business experts and end users who might not be well versed in IT
Your experience and skills You have:
Computer science academic background (bachelor or master degree)
Experience as full stack developer in a globally distributed team - strong Java skills (Java 8)
strong Spring Boot skills
strong JPA/Hibernate skills
strong relational database and data analysis skills
Methodology knowhow on how to ensure that project deliverable meet industry best practices
Strong analytical, problem-solving and synthesizing skills (you know how to figure things out)
Experienced JavaScript skills with focus on React
Familiarity with ETL
Understanding of a broad range of platforms, technologies and tools, specifically - Java, Linux, Postgres, GitHub, Nexus, TeamCity, IntelliJ, Jira, Confluence
Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
