Title: Application Senior Developer Java/J2EE
Company: NTT DATA, Inc.
Location: San Leandro, CA
Type: Full-Time

Create solutions by developing, implementing, and maintaining Java based components and interfaces.
Define site objectives by analyzing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality.
Design and develop user interfaces to internet/intranet applications by setting expectations and features priorities throughout development life cycle; determining design methodologies and tool sets; completing programming using languages and software products; designing and conducting tests.
Lead the development effort of web services, Design and develop SOAP based Web services, Develop XML schema designs
Recommend system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages of custom development and purchase alternatives.
Integrate applications by designing database architecture and server scripting; studying and establishing connectivity with network systems, search engines, and information servers.
Complete applications development by coordinating requirements, schedules, and activities; contributing to team meetings; troubleshooting development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms.
Support client by developing documentation and assistance tools.
Update job knowledge by researching new internet/intranet technologies and software products; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publication
Required Skillset:
7+ years demonstrated experience in developing web applications using two or more of these technologies - Java, J2EE, Servlets, Spring, Spring MVC, Spring JDBC, IBM MQ, database interactions, and related testing tools/methodologies.
5+ years demonstrated experience in requirement analysis and application design.
Experience in Microservices
Testing tools for Java, Javascript, Unit-Testing, Integration Testing, Performance Testing and Test Driven Coding practice
Experience with Agile practice, daily Stand-Up/Scrum and accountability to the software development team
Developed applications with good usability principles, cross-browser compatibility, web security (XSRF, cross-site scripting defense), accessibility, Markup standards, Last mile performance (minify, closure tools, sprites) and HTML document architecture.
Experience building large multi-system, enterprise applications
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Self-driven and accountable
Good to Have:
Experience working on Document Databases specifically MongoDB
Experience working on Messaging systems such as Kafka, MQ
Experience on Event Driven Frameworks like Apache Storm, Flink
