Title: Sr Member of Technical Staff - NSX Java Distributed Application Developer
Company: Dell
Location: Palo Alto, CA
Type: Full-Time

The NSBU R&D team is looking for talented java-based distributed application developers, who share our passion for innovation and excellence in networking and security virtualization.
Do you have a passion for working on cutting edge technologies to solve complex problems? Join us and be part of the team that is at the forefront of innovation and shaping the future of cloud computing, networking, and security.  You'll be part of a bright engineering team that has open communication, empowerment, innovation, and teamwork and customer success culture. We are looking for engineers who have a strong self-directed work ethic and a "make-it-happen" mindset.
We are especially interested in folks who are versatile and are enthusiastic about owning and tackling new challenges on their own as we build upon our solution.
You will develop applications primarily in Java and will work on products that enable the customers to manage and orchestrate their solutions running on NSX - either on-prem or in the cloud. You will work on advanced product features with the opportunity to work along with unique engineers and researchers who have contributed heavily to the networking world.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Design, implementation, documentation of system architecture from scratch with a minimal set of requirements.
Participate in the full product development life cycles.
Collaborate with project team members and cross-functional product teams to execute product goals.
Push the envelope in adopting new technologies, best design practices to ensure our products are the best.
Provide technical leadership to other team members and be a team player.
Lead design and code reviews with a major focus on performance, scalability and future expansion.
Requirements:
MS or Ph.D. in computer science or equivalent.
5+ years of experience in developing distributed, multi-tier enterprise applications.
Fully participated as a technical lead in several major product development cycles.
Solid background in OOP, object and data modeling.
In-depth understanding of networking protocols and security principles
Deep working knowledge of Java, Spring, Relational Database, and NoSQL databases.
Extensive experience with Java language and technologies.
Strong organization and project management skills.
Exposure to virtualization technologies, centralized networking, security management is all big plus.
Excellent in verbal and written communication skills.
Category :
Engineering and Technology
Subcategory: Software Engineering
Experience:
Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time:
Full Time
Work From Home:
No
Posted Date:
2020-04-02
VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe.  At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what's possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
