Title: Senior Java Developer (Analytic Tools)
Company: FICO
Location: San Jose, CA
Type: Full-Time

FICO (NYSE: FICO)
is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
Job Summary
Job Description
The Opportunity
The Analytics Workbench team is responsible for developing a suite of world class web-based tools, components, and services integrated with our Decision Management Suite in the cloud.
In this position you will work on the design and development of FICO'sPredictive Analytic tools for developing world class analytics.You will be responsible for helping to define and implement key server-side infrastructure and code focused on Analytics in this central tool of the Decision Management Suite.
The candidate must have excellent design, programming, and problem solving skills and be an expert in Java, and related tools and frameworks. The candidate must be able to work well in a small team environment with software developers, data scientists, product management, and software quality engineers. He/She should be a quick learner and open to learning new technologies in relatedareas and must be a strong hands-on individual contributor to the development effort. The ideal candidate will have some experience with Cloud Computing, Big Data, Machine Learning, or other Business
What You'll Contribute
Design, develop, deploy and support modules of large world-class enterprise-level product.
Drive technical architecture and design process.
Evaluate new design specifications and raise quality standards, address architectural concerns.
Work on a wide range of complex projects, assignments and issues.
Evaluate stability, compatibility, scalability, interoperability, and performance of the software product.
Demonstrate technical expertise through publication, presentations, white papers and event participation.
Continually learn new technologies in related areas.
Serve as a source of technical expertise and a mentor across development teams.
What We're Seeking
Bachelor's/Master's in Computer Science or related disciplines, or relevant experience in software architecture, design, development and testing.
Seasoned professional in architecture design with strong foundation of architecture models and data structures.
Experience using Docker and Kubernetes to deploy and integrate services.
Experience with developing robust REST and Java API's for use by internal/external clients
Strong performance tuning, problem solving, and debugging skills
Experience using Hadoop, Spark and other related big data technologies
Experience in scripting and statistical languages such as R, Python, Groovy, Perl, or Ruby
Experience applying machine learning algorithms to real world data in many formats
Proficiency in Object-Oriented development techniques
Experience with deploying systems on Amazon Web Services
Experience with Unix based operating systemsBusiness domain knowledge.
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Experience providing leadership to a technical team
Experience with agile development processes and tools
Our Offer to You
A culture and work environment strongly reflecting our core values: Act Like an Owner, Delight Our Customers and Earn the Respect of Others.
The opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your unique strengths.
Highly competitive compensation and rewards.
Flexible work options, opportunities to give back to your community, social events with colleagues and a comprehensive benefits program inclusive of progressive parental leave.
Why Make a Move to FICO?
At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - Big Data analytics.  You'll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
Credit Scoring - 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
Fraud Detection and Security - 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
Lending - 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
Anti-Money Laundering - our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO's solutions, placing us among the world's top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world's largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
Our success is dependent on really talented people - just like
you
- who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that's nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We'll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career.  Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace.  We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we're proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
