Title: Senior Java Developer
Company: WissenIT Group
Location: Pleasant Prairie, WI
Type: Contractor

Hi,
Please find the requirement below , If you find yourself comfortable with the requirement please reply with your updated resume and I will get back to you or I would really appreciate if you can give me a call back at my contact number
430-755-0688.
Job Details:
Position :- Sr. Java Developer
Location :- Pleasant Prairie, WI
Duration :- 6+ Months Contract
Visa:
USC, GC Only
Interview:- 2 Video Interviews
Skills/ Must-Haves :
5 years of Java development experience
Java/J2EE, WebSphere experience
Spring frame work, SpringBoot, JDBC, Security and MVC
Rest, SQL, iBATIS, JPA, Hibernate, SOAP, XML
Job Description:
As a Senior Java Developer, you'll be responsible for designing, developing, implementing, supporting and maintaining complex Java applications using  Uline  approved technologies and coding standards. The successful candidate will have over 5 years of Java development experience along with strong Java / J2EE experience on WebSphere or related application servers.
POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES
Assist in project planning.
Work with architects on designing and implementing critical integrations.
Take part in object-oriented analysis and design (OOAD) by applying industry best practices and techniques.
Design, develop, implement, support and maintain complex Java applications based on business requirements, using approved technologies and coding standards.
Perform design and code reviews to ensure design principles are followed through the implementation of a project.
Perform thorough testing of developed components in development and testing environments
Provide application maintenance and perform production support.
Create technical design documents.
Act as a mentor to other developers on programming issues.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science or related field.
5+ years Java development experience.
Strong Java / J2EE experience on WebSphere or related application servers.
Significant experience in delivering solutions with Spring framework using Spring Boot, JDBC, Security and MVC.
Extensive experience in developing and consuming REST webservices and working in a micro-service environment.
Working knowledge of caching, service discovery and circuit-breaker patterns and concepts.
Expert-level knowledge of JDBC, SQL, database-stored procedures and isolation levels.
Expert-level knowledge of iBATIS, JPA, Hibernate, SOAP, REST and XML.
Eclipse plug-in development  a plus.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Thanks/Regards,
Sandeep Sharma
Technical Recruiter - WissenIT Group
Desk: 803-702-4440
Personal:  430-755-0688
Technology  |  Relationships  |  Solutions
775 Addison Ave, Suite 102, Rock Hill, South Carolina 29730
