Title: Sr Software Engineer-Java-Data Structures-Spring-NoSql
Company: CyberCoders
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Full-Time

Sr Software Engineer-Java-Data Structures-Spring-NoSql Sr Software Engineer-Java-Data Structures-Spring-NoSql - Skills Required -  Software Engineer, Play, Spring, Cassandra, Sr Software Engineer, Spring Boot, No-SQL, Solr, Kafka, Storm
If you are a Sr Software Engineer-Java-Data Structures-Spring-NoSql with experience, please read on!
What You Will Be Doing
(THIS JOB REPORTS TO PALO ALTO CA AND REQUIRES A COMMUTABLE DISTANCE)
Responsibilities
As a key member of the Product Engineering team you will be involved in all the software development life cycle phases with a focus on delivering solutions to meet business objectives and engineering standards.
Hands-on Design, Development, Testing & Support of Software Products and Solutions
Advocate and Follow best design and development practices adhering to software engineering standards.
Participate in Design & Peer Code Review process
Work in a Globally Distributed Development team environment with minimal supervision.
Qualifications
Bachelor's or Masters degree or equivalent with 5+ years of experience in the field of Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field of education.
5+ years of strong Java development experience around concurrency and data structures.
Minimum 3+ years of strong hands-on with Java based frameworks like Spring, Spring Boot, Play, Apache libraries etc.
3+ years of strong server side programming experience.
2+ years of experience with NoSql technologies like Cassandra, Solr etc.
2+ years of experience with messaging / event-driven frameworks like Kafka, Storm, Spark streaming, RabbitMQ etc.
Strong computer programming foundation with knowledge in Data Structures, Concurrency, Algorithms and Design Patterns.
Working Knowledge on Reactive/Functional Programming is highly desirable.
Understanding of Data center domain with networking knowledge is a huge plus.
Excellent communication, organization and presentation skills.
What You Need for this Position
Software Engineer
Play
Spring
Cassandra
Sr Software Engineer
Spring Boot
No-SQL
Solr
Kafka
Storm
So, if you are a Sr Software Engineer-Java-Data Structures-Spring-NoSql with experience, please apply today!
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.
CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Your Right to Work
- In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Sr Software Engineer-Java-Data Structures-Spring-NoSql
CA-San Francisco
JG6-1583526
