Title: Senior Java Developer
Company: MAS Global Consulting
Location: 94103, CA
Type: Full-Time

MAS Global Consulting
is an award winning software services company based in Tampa, Florida, with operations in the US, Colombia and Mexico.  Our vision is to be a diverse community of All-In, Result-Minded experts that is the most trusted partner to deliver Agile custom software solutions, with a MAS experience that creates value for All.  MAS Global is a Certified Women and Minority Owned Business Enterprise, listed on Inc5000 list by Inc. Magazine
as one of the fastest growing companies in the US, and in the "Fast500" list by Deloitte, as one of the 500 fastest growing technology companies in North America.  Our CEO was recognized by HITEC (Hispanic IT Executive Council) as one of the 100 most influential hispanics in the US. Our secret sauce is our people and our culture, there's no better time to join and help us get our company to the next level, while making sure that MAS is always more for our people, our clients, our communities.
Check out our office and team in this quick video
Must have 7+ years of relevant experience
Responsibilities:
Understand end to end Integration paradigm/approach for external payment vendors, banks and acquirers
Explain QA & UAT teams how to test the system
Explain to the business on what the implications are to certain decisions
Explain to the core and settlement teams how the end to end digital payments product would work
Perform L3 and other break fixes
Enhance the system with Sprints and Build next-gen platforms
Ability to effectively analyze data and present solid recommendations
Ability to work across teams to develop and document business requirements
Qualifications:
Strong background in technical design and implementation
Experience in the e-commerce domain is plus
Experience in writing technical specification documents
Strong communication skills
Experience in Java
Knowledge of RDBMS and proficiency with SQL.
Understanding of XML and related technologies (XSLT, XPath, XQuery).
Experience with version control software such as CVS and Maven development tools.
Proficient in Agile methodologies.
Employment Type: FULL_TIME
