Title: Senior Java Developer (W2 Only)
Company: Delphi-US
Location: Holyoke, MA
Type: Contractor

Senior Java Developer
Our client located in the Springfield, MA area is seeking Senior Java Developer to assist in the development and support software and applications.
Responsibilities:
Gather business requirements from users and prepare requirements specifications as well as assist in identifying problems and developing a plan for resolution
Provide a high level of technical knowledge to ensure the efficient design, development and implementation of complex systems - may act as a technical lead.
Environment: JDK, Servlet, JSP, JavaScript, J2EE, EJB, XML, JBoss, Oracle RDBMS, Oracle PL/SQL, ActiveMQ, Bitbucket/GitHub, JIRA, Agile, Struts/SpringMVC, JSP/Thymeleaf, Maven
Market Information Server (MIS): Decision support system that manages the reporting requirements of the market via secured communication protocol. Users of the system include pool participants, personnel internal and public users.
The Forward Capacity Tracking System (FCTS): Manages capacity resources in the Forward Capacity Market (FCM). FCTS is responsible for qualifying capacity resources for the FCM, maintaining the inputs and outputs to the primary FCA Auction and secondary auctions and serving as the “system of record” for FCM related data.
Create documentation including requirements/functional specifications, training and maintenance manuals. Initiate improvements within and outside of assigned areas.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering (electrical/computer), or equivalent is required.
5 years of software development
Demonstrated competency in system analysis & design, Agile development and technical skill in Java (J2EE, Spring, JSP and web services) and Oracle SQL and PL/SQL is required.
Experience with DevOps using Jenkins/JFrog Artifactory and enterprise data integration
Exceptional teamwork, strong interpersonal and problem solving skills
Desired:
A Master’s degree in Computer Science or MIS is desirable and may be used to augment software development experience.
Scrum Master certification
Experience in complex or large-scale software projects and web and server-side applications.
