Title: IT- Java Developer - Senior
Company: Intelliswift Software Inc
Location: San Ramon, CA
Type: Full-Time

Top Skills/Required skills
This position is for backend developer however will prefer resource with the knowledge of frontend technologies, should be able attend and participate in the frontend development discussion. Also, JD clearly describes required and desired skills and if I've to pick 3 then it will be 1. Java & Spring framework/Spring Boot (Spring Web Services, JPA/Hibernate, Spring Integration, Spring Cloud, Spring Batch) 2. Experience building web application and microservices, REST APIs and should have knowledge of Swagger etc., security standards like SAML/OAuth 3. Strong database knowledge and some knowledge of Documentum (Documents/Records Management System)
Qualifications:
Required industry experience: " Minimum of 5+ years of experience in designing and building web based applications with Java. Required technical experience " Strong foundation in Java Development (Java J2EE Object Oriented Programming skills) and one additional language (e.g. Python, C++, Ruby, Scala). o Java: Java 1.6+, J2EE, JMS, Web Service, Rest-Webservice, JAX-WS, Junit o XML/JSON: XML, XSD, WSDL, SOAP, JAXB, JSON o Web: CSS3, HTML5,DHTML, AJAX, JQuery, JavaScript, JSON, Backbone, Bootstrap o Spring-Framework (4.0) : o Spring MVC, Spring JDBC, Spring JMS, Spring Transactions, Spring AOP, Spring scheduler, Spring Testcase, Spring WS, Spring Validation with JSR303. o DB/Persistence: JPA, Hibernate, Coherence, ehcache o DB: Oracle PL/SQL, MySQL o App Server : Weblogic Server 12c, Tomcat 7.0+ o Tools: Rational Clearcase, Eclipse,Spring tool suite, ANT, Maven, Jenkins o Os: Unix, Linux, Windows " Sufficient knowledge in Object-oriented programming concept and design principles to create custom software solutions or modify package solutions with an agile development methodology. " Ability to think critically about problems and arrive at a practical solution. " Advanced SQL and database development skills. " Very good communication skills. " Strong problem-solving and analytical skills. " Self-motivated, independent, detail oriented, and a responsible team-player. Required functional experience " Experience in writing custom Java code. " Experience in development of Enterprise Web applications " 3+ years of Java development experience. Required education and certifications " Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Information Technology/Engineering or related field. Additional requirements " 2+ years planning and executing development of software through offshore teams. Required Skills: 1. Strong experience working with Spring Boot, Spring framework, Spring Web Services, JPA/Hibernate, Spring Integration, Spring Cloud, Spring Batch 2. Experience designing and building core java, web applications, and microservices 3. Strong knowledge of database concepts and SQL 4. Expertise in building REST APIs and should have knowledge of Swagger, Security standards (OAUTH/SAML) 5. Should have knowledge of GIT, Splunk, Junit, Maven, Jenkins, SonarQube 6. Experience designing application in a clustered environment will be a huge plus 7. Experience working with Documentum, D2, DFC etc.. Preferred Skills: 1. Knowledge of Documentum and other content management technologies 2. Knowledge of front end application development using UI frameworks like Angular/React/Vue 3. Experience working with Linux OS 4. Experience working with cloud technologies like AWS 5. Experience working with Docker and Kubernetes will be a plus
Responsibilities:
Responsibilities: 1. Responsible for designing web applications leveraging spring framework and related technologies 2. Hands-on development of the applications using latest software development practices 3. Follow the enterprise design standards and best practices 4. Participate in the requirement and design meetings and prepare required documentation 5. Work with customers and stakeholders to understand the requirement and provide a solution 6. Integrate Documentum API to Spring based web application
