Title: Senior Java Developer (Apps Systems Engineer 6)
Company: Wells Fargo
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

Job Description
Important Note:
During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as "Personal Cell" or "Cellular" in the contact information of your application.
At
Wells Fargo
, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.
Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.
Wells Fargo
Technology
sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargo's more than 70 million global customers.
Within the
Enterprise Business Services Technology (EBST)
group in Community Bank Technology (CBT), there is an exciting opportunity for a
Senior Java Developer
who will be responsible for building highly scalable, resilient Microservices. This Developer will be joining an inspiring and curious team of technologists dedicated to improving the design, development, coding, testing, and business logic that goes into creating high quality software.
Primary Responsibilities Include:
Work in an Agile and collaborative environment with Business users and other technology partners.
Provide Hands on Programming and unit testing, and build high quality Microservices that are manageable, reliable, and maintainable.
Work with Product Owners, Application Architects, and business functional leaders to design and implement business Microservices using various open source technologies, tools, and best practices, and Microservices design patterns.
Introduce new tools and technologies to accelerate Microservices Development.
Actively practice Test Driven Development (TDD) and Behavior Driven Development (BDD) while developing new features and refactoring existing code.
Contribute to Dev Ops, Test Automation, and automated build and deployments.
Participate in code reviews, design reviews, and refactoring discussions with multiple domain and delivery teams to ensure high quality deliverables, aligned with standards and best practices.
Monitor code quality and security issues, and manage technical backlogs.
Provide application support and address operational issues and client defects via standard processes.
Champion continuous improvements in the organization.
Identify important emerging technologies and lead in analysis of their benefits and impact.
We are looking for a senior level developer who has a keen ability to understand business requirements and convert them into well designed solutions, communicates clearly, and has a passion for technology and learning.
Required Qualifications
10+ years of application development and implementation experience
5+ years of middleware development experience
5+ years of Java experience
5+ years of experience leading the requirement design process with both technical and business partners
3+ years of Agile experience
Desired Qualifications
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Experience resolving and working through escalated and complex issues
Knowledge and understanding of application lifecycle, from design and development to testing, implementation and production support
Knowledge and understanding of application or software security such as: web application penetration testing, secure code review, secure static code analysis
Ability to develop partnerships and collaborate with other business and functional areas
3+ years of RESTful or SOAP web services
5+ years of Spring experience
Other Desired Qualifications
Exposure to these technical languages/products: OOAD, JAVA, J2EE, Spring, Tomcat 7.0, SOAP Stack (Crossfire Spring WS), XSD, XML, XSLT, WSDL, RAML, SQL and JDBC, Eclipse, JUNIT, GRADLE, GitHub, JProfiler, Springboot, Jenkins, Splunk, AppDynamics
Good Understanding of Microservices Architecture Pattern
Experience with Kubernetes/ApiGateway/MongoDB and Resiliency patterns for Microservices
Experience with Cloud Environments (Pivotal Cloud Foundry)
Proficiency in Testing using BDD/TDD and familiarity with Gherkins/Cucumber for writing BDD
Quick thinker, learner, go-doer who can independently resolve problems with less direction
Job Expectations
Ability to work additional hours as needed
Salary Information
The salary range displayed below is based on a Full-time 40 hour a week schedule.
CA-SF-South Of Market Area:
Min: $124,700 Mid: $178,200
Street Address
CA-SF-South Of Market Area:
45 Fremont Street - San Francisco, CA
Disclaimer
All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
