Title: Java Software Engineer
Company: Tecore
Location: Hanover, MD
Type: Full-Time

If you’re looking for a challenging opportunity to work on products and services that are re-shaping one of the biggest industries in the world, surrounded by a team of innovative and passionate software engineers, let’s talk. We’re looking for software engineers to join our core development team. Our ideal candidate is a creative self-starter with great drive and motivation who wants to work on exciting products that will be deployed around the world. If you are motivated about building great technology with a proactive team, you will find yourself in good company at Tecore Networks. We are considering candidates ranging in experience for Software Engineering positions which focus on Java Development to help us maintain and develop our current Java front and back end as well as help us to develop our web client. The candidate will join our team of developers building the next-generation of wireless. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Your key responsibilities include: Design, develop, and configure software systems to meet market and/or client requirements either end-to-end from analysis, design, implementation, quality assurance (including testing), to delivery and maintenance of the software product or system or for a specific phase of the lifecycle Write detailed specifications for substantial software functions Apply knowledge of technologies, applications, methodologies, processes and tools to support a client, project or entity Responsible for design and development of Java code. The system is focused on making risk assessments and has very demanding response time, availability, and transaction requirements Work with other developers to meet customer needs and deadlines Analyze and review business, functional, and technical requirements Development new feature functionality, Enhance and maintain existing code base, Build Unit Tests, and Participate in regular planning, status, specifications, and design meetings Support production and customer response teams as issues arise; investigating issues and delivering patches as needed Interact closely with team members responsible for establishing business requirements, generating overall system design, server side implementation, User Interface, database, and testing Perform frontend and backend JAVA development Work in a fast-paced, iterative development environment with minimal supervision Own your work starting from product discussions to deployment in our infrastructure Willingness and ability to mentor interns and junior team members Thoroughly document ongoing software problems found in new and existing products Add new features to the software in existing products What we are looking for: 2-5 years of software development experience Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Information Technology, Telecommunications, Math, Physics or similar (or equivalent experience) 2+ years of experience building high performance, highly scalable, Java based application platforms, hands-on software development experience. Experience programming in multiple languages Strong organizational, prioritization, and time management with ability to focus on a deadline Demonstrated problem solving ability and attention to detail Ability to thrive in a fast paced, hybrid agile type of environment with a sense of urgency and attention to detail Willingness to learn & develop professionally Lead a small team of engineers develop market defining features Willingness to work flexible hours in line with the needs of an international company Strong interpersonal communication skills; comfortable translating between "business-speak" and "tech-speak" Strategic mindset, ability to quickly prioritize business needs and conceptualize creative and effective software solutions Scrappy, tenacious, and self-motivated team player Able to work independently and in a team atmosphere. Commitment to working collaboratively & cross functionally The passion and drive to be a catalyst in a dynamic, ambiguous, fast-paced, and high-pressure environment Experience with Unix-based and Windows Operating Systems Must be authorized to work in the US. REQUIRED PROGRAMMING EXPERIENCE (Minimum 2 years) Java SQL HTML5 CSS Java Script PREFERRED SKILLS JDBC RMI Reflection Postgres React.js Java EE About our company: Since 1991, Tecore’s has been committed to providing innovative, reliable and scalable wireless infrastructure solutions. We have become a trusted provider to the commercial, government, and military markets and have established a proven track record of performance and evolution driven by our innovative software defined approach. No matter the level you are in your career, Tecore provides an invaluable experience to those who enter our doors. Our diverse team of employees have been designing, developing, and delivering scalable wireless infrastructure solutions across the country and around the globe and welcome individuals excited to be part of our thriving community. Our ability to assemble a team of dedicated and passionate technologists who work hard, play hard, and never stop learning has resulted in our continued success. We work in a fast-changing industry. All Tecore employees are encouraged to explore new technical areas and help us develop new solutions while sharpening existing skills working on our leading products and services. Our team members help each other become great software engineers capable of solving some of the hardest problems on the planet. We are headquartered in Hanover, Maryland but have an expansion global presence. In return we will offer you: A great working environment, with exceptional co-workers with a plethora of industry knowledge to help you advance in your career. Upon full time employment, we offer competitive benefits and compensation including but not limited to: Base salary, professional development assistance and on the job training, company-paid holidays, paid time off, 401 K, medical, dental and vision benefits, discovery benefits HSA/parking/on-site gym, flexible work environment, casual dress, free office snacks and additional voluntary benefits. Sponsorships: Tecore Networks will not sponsor visas for any positions and will not hire individuals whose work eligibility is based on their F-1 or other student visa status. You must be authorized to work in the U.S. Tecore Networks is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. ** Attention Search Firms/Third Party Recruiters: Tecore Networks is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for employment opportunities with Tecore Networks. All resumes submitted by search firms to any Tecore Networks employee via-email, the Internet or directly to hiring managers in any form without a valid written search agreement in place for a specific position will be deemed the sole property of Tecore Networks, and no fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by Tecore Networks as a result of the referral or through other means. Bonus/Commission: No
