Title: Java Developer
Company: Kelly Services
Location: Cupertino, CA
Type: Full-Time

Kelly Services is hiring a Java Developer for a short-term project in Cupertino, CA. Below are the details and required skills. For immediate consideration, email your resume directly to kim.hewlen@kellyservices.com and apply online.
Java Developer
Cupertino, CA
Contract: 7/1/19 – 11/2/19
Job Duties:
Develops and maintains custom code for Manufacturing Execution System.
Design and develop applications with for reliability, security, manageability, scalability, extensibility, performance and re-use; provide technical expertise in the areas of architecture, design, and implementation.
Work with technical and business team members to create excellent software.
Determines the best implementation that will meet the design of the Application Architect.
Ensures that thorough unit and component testing is carried out.
Sets and adheres to software coding and style guides to ensure consistency.
Performs code reviews to ensure consistency to style standards and code quality.
Requirements:
5 - 10 years of experience.
Software engineering development experience which includes Java 8 specific experience, is required.
Must have a robust understanding of Java, an in depth understanding of other Java technologies including Servlets, JSP, JDBC, and other J2EE technologies; and familiarity with XML, XSD, and XSL.
Other object-oriented design experience, experience applying design patterns, and UML familiarity is essential.
Hands-on SQL/RDBMS experience, Oracle and MySQL strongly preferred.
Full lifecycle development experience on large projects involving data collection.
Strong communication skills.
BS in computer science or equivalent.
Experience in ETL is strongly preferred.
Experience in developing software in manufacturing environments is a plus.
Experience in JavaScript (Angular, React) is a plus.
Why Kelly®?
With Kelly, you'll have direct connections to leading IT organizations in the best companies around the globe-offering you the chance to work on some of today's most intriguing, innovative and high-visibility projects. In a field where change is the only constant, our connections and opportunities will help you take your career exactly where you want to go. We work with 95 of the Fortune 100 companies, and more than 3,000 IT hiring managers turn to us each year to access the best talent: people like you.
Last year we found 8,000 opportunities for IT professionals. Let us help advance your career today.
About Kelly Services®
As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world and have a role in connecting thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners. Revenue in 2017 was $5.4 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter.
Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
Employment Type: Full Time
