Title: Senior Software Engineer, Java/Python, Map Engineering
Company: Argo AI
Location: Palo Alto, CA
Type: Full-Time

Argo AI was founded to tackle one of the most challenging applications in computer science, robotics and artificial intelligence with self-driving vehicles. Argo AI is developing and deploying the latest advancements in artificial intelligence, machine learning and computer vision to help build safe and efficient self-driving vehicles that enable these transformations and more. The challenges are significant, but we are a team that believes in tackling hard, meaningful problems to improve the world.
We are building a high-performance team that is excited by complex engineering challenges and is passionate about making transportation safer, more affordable and accessible for all.
We are looking for candidates who are excited about building core software to enable rapid and robust maps for AV. Maps play a critical role in the success of Argo AI. Today's autonomous vehicles require a unique prior map of the world they are operating within for everything from navigation to context of the environment around them. Map Representation spans everything from collecting raw data from vehicles to producing end user maps including on-vehicle map SDK's. Join a team using cutting edge technologies to create solutions for highly detailed and complex maps that empower our autonomous vehicles.
What you'll do:
Design and implement backend systems to build maps for our growing fleet of autonomous vehicles
Develop rigorous software products using a mix of Python and Java
Work with point cloud, image, and other sensor data to build HD maps for self-driving vehicles
Work with internal teams on SLAM, 2D segmentation, classification and other ML models
Problem solve in a fast paced environment and work with complex software
Work with internal teams to understand their needs and define requirements/interfaces
Design scalable solutions for big-data storage and retrieval on AWS using Kubernetes, Airflow and other cloud technologies
What we're looking for:
Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, Robotics or a related field
Strong design and architecture: You must be able to understand and balance requirements in complex software systems
Deep programming skills in a major language: We work in C++, Java, Kotlin, Go and Python. You must be able to implement clean and efficient code and interfaces
Ability to communicate complicated technical information: We are working on hard problems in a very fast paced team environment
Outstanding engineering judgement: You understand how to scope solutions to produce a high volume of quality work with maximum value
Technical expertise in Linux system development, profiling, and optimization
Ability to work beyond your core engineering field and understand how the pieces fit together in the larger system
Nice to have:
Experience with ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, Caffe, and PyTorch
Experience with machine learning and classification
Computer vision, or related technical fields is a plus
At Argo AI, we have a strong emphasis on creating a highly effective team environment. Thus, we seek candidates that can work effectively with others across a broad range of disciplines.
Argo AI is an equal opportunity employer that believes in diversity as a strength and is committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
We know it takes competitive benefits to fuel a team that works hard and enjoys the challenge. At Argo AI, you can expect stellar perks to support your best self:
High-quality individual and family health, dental, and vision insurance
Competitive compensation packages
Employer-matched 401(k) retirement plan
Paid parental leave
Unlimited vacation
Daily catered lunches and snacks
Free onsite or adjacent parking
Commuter reimbursement
Fitness reimbursement
Professional development reimbursement
Argo AI is a
LinkedIn Top 50 Startup
