Title: Senior Java Developer
Company: NTT DATA Services
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

Req ID: 65170
At NTT DATA Services, we know that with the right people on board, anything is possible. The quality, integrity, and commitment of our employees are key factors in our company’s growth, market presence and our ability to help our clients stay a step ahead of the competition. By hiring the best people and helping them grow both professionally and personally, we ensure a bright future for NTT DATA Services and for the people who work here.
NTT DATA Services currently seeks a Senior Java Developer to join our team in San Francisco, California (US-CA), United States (US).
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Create solutions by developing, implementing, and maintaining Java based components and interfaces.
Define site objectives by analyzing user requirements; envisioning system features and functionality.
Recommend system solutions by comparing advantages and disadvantages of custom development and purchase alternatives.
Integrate applications by designing database architecture and server scripting; studying and establishing connectivity with network systems, search engines, and information servers.
Complete applications development by coordinating requirements, schedules, and activities; contributing to team meetings; troubleshooting development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms.
Support client by developing documentation and assistance tools.
Update job knowledge by researching new internet/intranet technologies and software products; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications
Working in Agile Methodologies
Strong experience in application development using SQL, PL/SQL
Experience in performance tuning techniques
Understanding of Web services approach including Web service protocols such as SOAP and REST.
Understanding of SOA concepts, principles and patterns is required.
Basic Qualifications:
6+ years Development experience in Javascript/JQuery/REACT JS
4+ years development in SpringBoot and Java.
4+ years  Expertise in Tag management system e.g Tealium Tag manager, Real Time Test Optimization tools(Oracle maximyzer), Google Analytics, Adobe Audience Manager, ForeSee
4+ years Rest API’s consumption and integration.
4+ years’ Experience using Static security scan tools like Fortify as well analyzing and fixing security vulnerabilities for internet facing applications.
This position is only available to those interested in direct staff employment opportunities with NTT DATA, Inc. or its subsidiaries.  Please note, 1099 or corp-2-corp contractors or the equivalent will NOT be considered. We offer a full comprehensive benefits package that starts from your first day of employment.
About NTT DATA Services
NTT DATA Services partners with clients to navigate and simplify the modern complexities of business and technology, delivering the insights, solutions and outcomes that matter most. We deliver tangible business results by combining deep industry expertise with applied innovations in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services.
NTT DATA Services, headquartered in Plano, Texas, is a division of NTT DATA Corporation, a top 10 global business and IT services provider with 118,000+ professionals in more than 50 countries, and NTT Group, a partner to 88 percent of the Fortune 100. Visit nttdataservices.com to learn more.
NTT DATA, Inc. (the “Company”) is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs.  The Company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law.  To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the Company would result.
