Title: Technical Project Manager with Java
Company: BuzzClan LLC
Location: Sunnyvale, CA
Type: Full-Time

Company Description
nullJob Description
Job title: Technical Project Manager
Job location: Sunnyvale CA 94085 /Austin TX 73301
Duration: Contract (18 months)
Job Requirements:
l Manage Software Development project activities for multiple projects across all project phases, including initiation, planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure.
l Agile Life cycle Expertise - coaching/mentoring new Agile Teams.
l Work collaboratively with development team, lead architect and the management to determine technical direction and approach to system design and implementation.
l Create, manage and track project vehicles, including, but not limited to:
l Project schedules
l Detailed project plans
l Project scope statements
l Resource plans
l Risk and issues logs
l Status reports
l Tailor project management, development and support processes to meet the needs of individual (new and/or ongoing) projects.
l Manage the day-to-day activities of projects and staff; communicate with project teams as necessary to ensure project deliverables are on schedule and within cost parameters.
l Communicate and collaborate with internal and external customers as needed in regards to project deliverables including managing expectations, presenting and interfacing with sponsors.
l Make decisions and communicate trade-offs and risks; drive key decisions across projects.
l Make recommendations to management about schedules, prioritization and resource allocation with input from team members.
l Provide ongoing project plan/status reporting.
l Demonstrable experience of engagement with Engineering Teams - Configuration Management.
Required:
Minimum 8-10 years prior Information Technology with 4+ years of project management experience required
l Knowledge of practical aspects of project management
l Experience in executing agile projects, managing multiple scrums
l Understanding of technologies like Java/J2EE, Web Services.
Qualifications
null
Additional Information
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
