Title: Enterprise Architect - JAVA MUST HAVE, Cloud
Company: CyberCoders
Location: Redwood City, CA
Type: Full-Time

Enterprise Architect - JAVA MUST HAVE, Cloud Enterprise Architect - JAVA MUST HAVE, Cloud - Skills Required -  Java, Integration, Machine Learning, customer facing products, Linux, CI/CD workflows
If you are an Enterprise Architect with experience, please read on!
Located in Redwood City, our organization seeks to gain insight into diseases to help medical professionals better diagnose and treat diseases. Due to recent growth, we have an immediate need for a full-time, Enterprise Architect!
Top Reasons to Work with Us
1. Great company culture!
2. Professional growth opportunities!
3. Competitive Base Salary!
What You Will Be Doing
In this role, you will responsible for driving the design and architecture of all software solutions, building highly scalable cloud-native applications,  managing release systems and CI/CD workflows, and developing applications on leading cloud platforms.
What You Need for this Position
Master-level technical degree
10+ years of large scale software development/application engineering with recent coding experience
6+ years of building highly scalable and reliable customer-facing products.
Spring Boot experience
JAVA IS A MUST HAVE
Machine Learning experience
Application development experience on Linux
CI/CD workflows
What's In It for You
For your hard work and dedication, you will be rewarded with a competitive base salary, the opportunity to work from home (with travel) and excellent benefits including but not limited to:
Vacation/PTO
Medical
Vision
Dental
401k
Bonus
So, if you are a Enterprise Architect with experience, please apply today!
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.
CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Your Right to Work
- In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Enterprise Architect - JAVA MUST HAVE, Cloud
CA-Redwood City
MM26-1581800
