Title: Java Fullstack Developer
Company: Enquero Inc
Location: Mountain View, CA
Type: Full-Time

Enquero is a technology solutions company helping customers navigate their digital transformation journey. At Enquero, we're deeply passionate about technology, and love empowering our customers through innovative technology solutions and platforms.  Our core focus is to ideate and deliver improvements in business performance through connected data, connected architecture and connected experience.
If you are looking for a company that inspires passion, courage and imagination, where you can be part of the team by crafting the future of Business & Technology; if you're passionate about joining a learning culture that is dedicated to building an ambitious and inclusive work environment, join Enquero - a company you can be proud to be a part of.
+ Design scalable applications to support high volume business transaction platforms
+ Hands-on experience in engineering end to end systems
+ Strong design and development skills
+ Strong background in coding, data structures and algorithms
+ Ability to own end to end responsibility - right from requirements to release with extensive Agile scrum project experience
+ Ability to produce bug-free and production grade code
+ Mandatory skills that we consider: Core Java, Spring Boot/Microservices
+ Should have strong experience in Databases
+ Good to have React.js/Angular2+, JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3 as front-end skills
+ Critical thinking ability to solve complex business problems
+ Strong team player with open mindset to learn new technology and align culturally.
+ Collaborate with leads to explore existing systems, determine areas of complexity, potential risks to successful implementation, learn the applications capabilities
+ Should have strong communication skills
+ Should have client interaction experience.
+ Work with a performance-oriented team driven by ownership and openness to experiment.
*This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work performed by employees in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all the job's responsibilities. At Enquero, all of our jobs include broad responsibilities for continually improving the processes we use to develop our products.
Job ID: 2020-1102
External Company Name: Enquero Inc
External Company URL: enquero.com
Street: 331 E Evelyn Ave
