Title: Senior Java developer ( VOIP/ Telephony)
Company: 8x8
Location: San Jose, CA
Type: Full-Time

Senior Java Developer
8x8 is seeking a talented Java Developer to join our growing technology team. This is an exciting opportunity to become a member of the 8x8 core platform integration team.
8x8, Inc. is a leader in the Unified Communications as a Service (UCaaS) field, providing our customers with a state of the art cloud communications platform, integrating a variety of services such as phone, fax, web collaboration, meeting, messaging, and video.
RESPONSIBILITIES
+ Understand, interpret and clarify functional requirements as well as technical requirements for product features.
+ Work with Product Management and other teams to define software specifications
+ Collaborate and contribute to architecture and design decisions driving product direction
+ All code is tested thoroughly and quality is always at a high standard
+ Implement and maintain modern micro-services as part of the overall system
QUALIFICATIONS
+ Minimum six years of Java and comfortable in multiple other programming languages and paradigms
+ BS/MS degree in Computer Science or another highly technical subject where programming was a key requirement
+ Knowledge of Java concurrency / multithreading and asynchronous API's
+ Strong experience with and comfortable working in a CI/CD pipeline
+ Strong experience writing unit tests and automated testing of API's ie testing is not just a QA function and we don't throw code over the wall
+ Motivated self starter, as a senior engineer you're comfortable leading and directing other engineers and you're comfortable saying no. You don't need prompting
+ Experienced at estimation in an agile environment and delivering on time
+ Comfortable with code generation techniques
+ Proven hands-on Software Development experience
+ Experience in an integration environment and getting up to speed with multiple third party products and their API's and Environments
+ Very familiar with OO design and common design patterns along with integration patterns and architecture
+ Comfortable with Java internals (Classloading, Memory Management, Transaction management, Performance, Annotation Processing)
+ Excellent knowledge of Relational Databases
+ Experience in developing REST API's and aware of HATEOAS
+ Experience with REST API design and tools
+ Experience with secure coding practices and regular penetration testing when building WWW facing applications
+ Full lifecycle development experience, knowledge of modern development practices and processes
Nice to have
+ Apache Camel or another large integration framework
#LI-RM1
ABOUT 8x8
8x8, Inc. (NASDAQ: EGHT) is the trusted provider of secure and reliable enterprise cloud communications solutions to more than 45,000 businesses operating in over 100 countries across six continents. 8x8's out-of-the-box cloud solutions replace traditional on-premises PBX hardware and software-based systems with a flexible and scalable Software as a Service (SaaS) alternative, encompassing cloud business phone service, contact center solutions, and conferencing.
In today's competitive market 8x8 continues to deliver service excellence, with a consistent, innovative, cohesive, progressive and dynamic culture.
For additional information, visit, www.8x8.com/UK or connect with 8x8 on LinkedIn,
Twitter, Google+ and Facebook
8x8 is proud to provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.
For 8x8 jobs located in the US: 8x8 participates in the E-Verify program.
View the Participant Poster in English | Espanol.
View the Right to Work Poster in English | Espanol.
Requisition Number: 2018-4117
Street: 2125 O'Nel Drive
