Title: Sr Solution Architect - Java Microservice
Company: Client of Rarity Concepts
Location: Brentwood, TN
Benefits: Medical

We are looking for a professional with solid hands-on experience using Spring Boot, Spring Core, Spring Cloud, Spring Integration, Hibernate, and Microservices. The candidate should be able to provide technical solutions to problems raised in a product development as well as probe the technical solutions suggested. This job also requires the candidate to play a senior role on the team by facilitating code reviews and interact effectively with senior Java teammates. It is a requirement for at least 12 years of professional experience in Java technology based application/product development with good solid understanding of Application Migration to Google Cloud platform.
Requirements
:
Key Skills: Java 8, Microservices, Spring boot, Spring core, Hibernate, Google Cloud Platform Desired Skills Docker, Google Kubernetes Engine, Cloud DataFlow, Cloud Spanner, Kafka, Elastic search, Jenkins, GIT, JIRA
12+ years of professional experience in Java technology based application/product development with good solid understanding of Application Migration to Google Cloud platform.
Should have experience in writing & consuming REST API
Good understanding on with NoSQL such as Cassandra, Couchbase, Realm
Experience in Design patterns, microservices
Experience with Kafka, streaming.
Experience in multithreading and data structures.
Experience working on Docker containers.
Should be able to provide technical solutions to problems raised in a product development
Should be able to probe the technical solutions suggested and vet the aptness of the solution from a holistic perspective
A combination of Google certifications desired – Google Associate Cloud Engineer; Google Professional Cloud Architect
Hands-on experience in Application Migration to Google Cloud Platform is preferred
Need to have excellent communication skills (including English conversation skills), demonstrate excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills.
Agile product development experience is required.
Excellent team player with strong communication, inter-personal, presentation skills.
Experience in working with multi-location and offshore teams
Good understanding of US HC, especially on RCM (revenue cycle management), clinicals (medications, orders, labs, etc) will be an added advantage
