Title: Mid-Level Java Engineer (SaaS)
Company: Aravo
Location: San Francisco, CA
Type: Full-Time

Must be located in the SF area and willing to commute to our office in San Francisco.
The Role:
Aravo is growing rapidly and recognizes the importance of building a world-class team to fuel our continued success. With significant investment and strong leadership to expand our business, it’s a tremendous time to be joining the Aravo team. In this role you’ll have the opportunity to:
Provide a valued voice, where ideas and creative approaches are welcomed.
Feel a sense of accomplishment as you are empowered to deliver in a dynamic, fun and fast-paced environment.
Celebrate successes and grow with us!
This is a mid-level position on the Platform team. As an engineer in this role you will develop and maintain variety of features of Aravo Enterprise Platform with focus on APIs, 3rd party integrations and bulk data processing tools implemented in Java and Groovy, as well as supporting documentation. We are looking for a creative problem solver with a curious mind and can-do attitude.
Responsibilities:
Design, develop and test platform features, integration tools and APIs.
Investigate and fix defects.
Contribute to initiatives on software architecture and infrastructure, development process.
Analyze Integration requirements, perform gap analysis and data mapping.
Maintain security and integrity of data.
Requirements:
Degree in Computer Science or related field or significant exposure to programming at university or open source projects.
5+ years of experience developing Web/SaaS/PaaS applications using Java and Spring.
Experience building RESTful API servers and clients.
Practical knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery pipelines.
Working knowledge of a prominent RDBMS and ORM; XML and JSON processing.
Skills:
Experience with Test Driven Development and Pair Programming is a plus.
Experience with cloud-based integration tools like MuleSoft or Boomi is a plus.
Experience in web front-end development, particularly using Angular is a plus,
Other requirements:
Eligible for employment in the US.
On-site presence in San Francisco office.
Benefits:
Medical / Dental / Vision Insurance
Life and AD&D Insurance
Long-Term Disability Insurance
401K with Company Matching
Equity Participation
4 Weeks of Vacation
Fully Stocked Kitchens
Company Sponsored Charitable
Day of Giving Events
......and many more!
