Title: Java Developer -62798
Company: Cerebra Consulting Inc
Location: Seattle, WA
Type: Full-Time

Job Description:
We are seeking an experienced, self-motivated Java engineer with 5+ years of experience in developing implementation applications and 7+ technology experience. As an Engineer senior, you will collaboratively identify, design, develop and deploy technology and process solutions to implement highly scalable reactive application platform solutions in Cloud based Linux environments. This role requires deep technical expertise, domain proficiency, platform depth, and leadership. Typical activities include requirements analysis, solution design, technical development, and process improvement coupled with the ability to drive efforts and solution improvements effectively across various IT and business functions. In addition to delivering new technology and enhancing/supporting existing systems, an effective engineer senior contributes relevant technical, functional, and process expertise, negotiates and drives alignment, and coaches and mentors less-experienced developers. Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles.
Story Behind the Need:
This CW will be reporting directly to the engineering manager for the Customer Relationship Management team.
The team ultimately rolls up to support the Business Intelligence and Data Services organization for Starbucks.
Typical Day in the Role:
Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:
Develop reactive application on Java programming language.
Setup, configured and maintain backend application globally.
Build and unit test API with jbehave, gatling.
Helping CI/CD team doing rolling out application and infrastructure globally.
Collaborates with development team, other Information Technology (IT) teams developer leads. Initiates process improvements for new and existing systems.
Participates in the solution design process: requirements gathering and backlog refinement, shapes and guides systems approach, helps with project initiation, contributes to functional design, and leads technical design and development.
Develops software solutions to business problems. Leverages established design patterns and coding standards. Builds solutions that are secure, durable, scalable, flexible, and accessible and proactively mitigate against production support issues.
Participates in a production support rotation that includes pager responsibilities.
Coaches, and mentors other team members. Performs cross-training and facilitates information sharing among team members.
Automates test coverage per platform capabilities and requirements. Establishes and maintains continuous build and integration testing on applicable platforms and assists with manual system and integration testing efforts.
Key contributor and driver in the deployment approach, including planning and execution, data conversion approach, script development and execution, warranty period and transition of the solution to the platform's operational context.
Operates in both waterfall and Agile Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) processes and methodologies.
Candidate Requirements:
Summary of Experience
Requires 7+ years experience in the IT industry
Requires 5+ years hands-on experience development experience in java
Experience with using kafka, event hub or any messaging broker.
Experience in working with Linux environment.
Experience in using IDE for java like eclipse, intellij etc.
Strong experience in core java, multi threaded programming, data structures and collections.
Extensive understanding in SDLC and scrum methodologies.
Hands on experience in end to end application development.
Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
Ability to accurately break down complex application designs into component deliverables and estimate design and development timelines
Requires Strong Systems Life Cycle methodology experience
Requires excellent oral, written, and presentation skills
Java Skills:
Expertise in Java, J2EE application development.
Exeperice in developing scalable applications, testing frameworks with java.
Experience in working with clound implementation.
Experience in configuring, deploying applications in AWS or AZURE using SBT.
Experience in using configuration management tools like github.
Knowlegde with is scala would be plus.
General IT Skills:
Experience in Application support     Problem diagnosis and resolution
Expert in interpretation of functional requirements
Development of technical design specifications for complex projects
Expert in industry standard development methodologies
Experience in middleware integration using tools like Web Methods
A good understanding of industry standards and best practices to be able to conduct code reviews
Conduct code reviews with the team to improve compliance with established best practices and coding standards
Provide mentorship and guidance to the Development Team to improve overall quality of code and application development
Work with team members to ensure application designs are in line with best practices and are scalable, reliable, and that all designs optimize performance and usability.
Requires strong problem solving and analytic skills to translate business requirements into systems solutions.
Integrate application support efforts with concurrent, parallel application development efforts
Provide technical expertise to Siebel support team
Core competencies:
Customer Focus
Delivers legendary service that meets and exceeds all customers' expectations
Ethics and Integrity
Adheres to Starbucks values, beliefs and principles during good and bad times
Composure
Remains calm, maintains perspective and responds in a professional manner when faced with tough situations
Personal Learning
Takes personal responsibility for the continuous learning of new knowledge, skills and experiences
Dealing with Ambiguity
Able to successfully function during times of uncertainty and changing priorities
Decision-Making
Makes timely and quality decisions based on a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience and judgment
Interpersonal Savvy
Builds effective relationships with all people; up, down and sideways, inside and outside of Starbucks
Results Oriented
Gets results and achieves goals
Required Skills : Java and Kafka experience are required
Basic Qualification :
Additional Skills :
Background Check :Yes
Notes :
Selling points for candidate :
Project Verification Info :
Exclusive to Apex :No
Face to face interview required :No
Candidate must be local :Yes
Candidate must be authorized to work without sponsorship ::No
Interview times set : :No
Type of project :Development/Engineering
Master Job Title :Dev: Java
Branch Code :Seattle
