Title: Sr. Backend Engineer - Java
Company: GetInsured
Location: Mountain View, CA
Type: Full-Time

About GetInsured
GetInsured is a cloud-based Healthcare Exchange Platform used by nearly 1 in 5 Americans who enrolled in coverage from 2014 to 2017. We build tools and services that enable consumers to have greater control over their healthcare choices. Our customers are consumers, employers, Healthcare marketplaces, benefits consultants and health insurers. One of our most significant challenges lies in transforming complex industry processes to delightful and satisfying user experiences for healthcare shoppers online, while at the same time keeping our technology platform scalable and flexible enough to adapt to the changing insurance landscape.
Development
We are bringing modern technologies such as microservice based architecture, chatbots and machine learning to this field. Towards this, we are looking for a multifaceted, multi-skilled developers who can help build out and enhance our platform while adopting many of these technologies. We expect that the engineers who join will be working on a variety of tools and technologies that will change over time. So, ability and willingness to learn and adapt is far more important than knowledge of a specific set of technologies. The foundation has to be strong Java based web technologies.
We currently have an opening for the following position:
Sr. Backend Engineer - Java
Responsibilities:
Collaborate with product, design and other engineers to design and develop new features on GetInsured's Health Insurance Exchange Platform.
Design, code, test and enhance microservices, and extend the architecture as GetInsured solutions scale and evolve.
Use Agile methodology to develop and iterate on features.
Create clean, testable code. Participate in code & design reviews.
Analyze and improve performance as needed.
Contribute to building out MVP solutions for new GetInsured product features.
Required Skills & Experience:
Experience in building high quality, complex web applications in a Java/J2EE Development environment.
Knowledge of Spring/Hibernate (strong experience will be a big plus).
Full Stack Experience will be a big plus (React, Angular)
Solid foundations in RDBMS concepts, SQL, design patterns, optimization for scale and performance.
Demonstrate strong analytical and troubleshooting skills; enjoy owning and solving problems end-to-end.
Excellent communication skills. Comfortable interacting with remote teams in multiple offices that practice agile methodologies
Willingness to learn and apply new technologies including Bot platforms and Machine Learning platforms.
BS or MS degree in Computer Science or related engineering fields, with 6+ years of experience.
Pluses:
Experience with NoSQL
Experience with Machine Learning techniques in data science.
Experience with cloud based development and deployment.
Experience with Bot platforms
What we offer:
A challenging, consumer-facing problem space, where you can make an immediate impact. You'll be wearing multiple hats and working on various projects and teams. You will get your hands dirty with the latest technologies, learn to use new tools and get the opportunity have your say in the final product. You'll work alongside a great team that assumes the best intentions, and makes every effort to show empathy and care in all interactions. We're a well-funded, stable startup with excellent salaries, medical/dental/vision coverage, and perks. GetInsured is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Benefits:
Health, Dental, Vision, Life, Disability
401k match
Stock options
Catered lunch twice a week. Kitchen stocked with snacks, fruits, drinks.
Onsite Yoga
Yearly Education allowance
