Title: Software Engineer III (Java and React Full stack developer)
Company: RELX Group
Location: San Jose, CA
Type: Full-Time

Software Engineer (ThreatMetrix)
San Jose, CA
The candidate chosen for this role will work alongside team members in an agile environment and apply technical, analytical and communication skills towards producing and maintaining a full-stack application that provides a large-scale SaaS user experience to our customers.
Our team is responsible for all ThreatMetrix customer facing applications used to configure our fraud detection engine and provide near real-time feedback, reporting, and analytics back to the customer in addition to a full case management solution used to track and prevent fraud. The web security space is a constantly evolving challenge that results in the need for agility in bringing new functionality to our product in an ongoing basis.
The real-time engine processes tens of millions of events per day each containing 100's of unique attributes. It is our job to present this data in a meaningful way as well as to allow simple yet expressive queries to quickly assess security risks. Additionally, we provide an easy to use drag-and-drop policy editor that allows our customers to build risk-assessment rules specific to their domain.
You will be implementing new functionality and converting existing GWT based code using React on the front-end and Java for the RESTful service layer using Spring/Hiblernate and SQL skills. We are looking for someone who is open to expanding on existing React solutions to provide move advanced, simple to use user experiences. In addition, you will need to be comfortable with multiple database technologies in order to support your day-to-day development including Postgres, MySQL, and Impala.
Experience (US only) and Education:
+ Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field
+ 3+ years of programming and systems analysis
Technical Skills:
React, Java, full-stack web application development.
+ Proficient skill set in React/Javascript, Java/Spring/Hibernate web development stack
+ Strong UX implementation skills
+ Ability to interface competently with other technical personnel or team members to finalize requirements
+ Proficiency in development languages including but not limited to: Java/J2EE, JavaScript, JSP, HTML, XML, SQL, Windows and UNIX.
+ Proficiency with data manipulation languages
+ Understanding of data modeling principles
+ Ability to work with complex data models
+ Familiarity of Industry best practices - Code coverage
+ Ability to work well with internal and external technology resources
+ Ability to write and review portions of detailed specifications for the development of system components of moderate complexity
+ Knowledge of software development Using Agile methodologies
+ Knowledge of data manipulation languages
+ Knowledge of test-driven development
+ Ability to write and review portions of detailed specifications for the development of system components of  moderate complexity
+ Ability to complete moderately complex bug fixes
+ Good oral and written communications skills
Key Responsibilities:
+ Full stack React/Java development - create, maintain and enhance existing applications
+ Interface with other technical personnel or team members to finalize requirements.
+ Write and review portions of detailed specifications for the development of system components of moderate complexity.
+ Work closely with other development team members to understand product moderately complex requirements and translate them into software designs.
+ Operate in various development environments (Agile, Waterfall, etc.) while collaborating with key stakeholders.
+ Resolve technical issues as necessary.
+ Keep abreast of new technology developments.
+ Complete bug fixes.
+ All other duties as assigned
Helpful / Preferred
+ Experience using Agile practices
+ Experience with GIT/Bitbucket, Jira, and Confluence
+ Security Experience (data security, user/role security, security best practices)
We are an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com.
Risk & Business Analytics (RBA) provides customers with innovative solutions and decision tools that combine public and industry specific content with advanced technology and analytics to assist them in evaluating and predicting risk while enhancing operational efficiency through eight unique brands. RBA is a market segment of RELX and has more than 8,500 employees serving customers in over 180 countries. RBA's eight brands include: LexisNexis Risk Solutions, Accuity, Proagrica, ICIS, Cirium, XpertHR, Nextens, and EG.
Risk & Business Analytics (RBA) provides customers with innovative solutions and decision tools that combine public and industry specific content with advanced technology and analytics to assist them in evaluating and predicting risk while enhancing operational efficiency through eight unique brands. RBA is a market segment of RELX and has more than 8,500 employees serving customers in over 180 countries. RBA's eight brands include: LexisNexis Risk Solutions, Accuity, Proagrica, ICIS, Cirium, XpertHR, Nextens, and EG.
