Title: Senior Backend Java Engineer - DBaaS
Company: Oracle
Location: Belmont, CA
Type: Full-Time

Senior Backend Java Engineer - DBaaS
Preferred Qualifications
Oracle's Cloud is a new ground-up effort to build Infrastructure and Platform as a Service that operate at high scale in a broadly distributed multi-tenant cloud environment. Our customers run their businesses on our cloud, and our mission is to provide them with best in class compute, storage, networking, database, security, and an ever-expanding set of cloud-based services. For more information, please check  https://cloud.oracle.com/home
Database as a service (DbaaS) is a comprehensive database management platform providing fully managed  Oracle cloud database services  at https://www.oracle.com/database/cloud-services.html  running on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (VM, BareMetal, and Exadata) as well as customers on-premises Exadata infrastructure.
We are looking for hands-on software engineers with expertise and passion in solving difficult problems in distributed systems, virtualized infrastructure, and highly available services. As an engineer in this team,  you will own parts of the software design and development of Oracle's Database as a Service Platform ( https://docs.us-phoenix-1.oraclecloud.com/Content/Database/Concepts/databaseoverview.htm ).
You should be a strong Java developer with ability to dig deeper into any part of the stack. In depth understanding of the fundamentals of distributed systems is a must. You also be able to apply those fundamentals to real-world problems and come up with specialized solutions. Your work will require you to interact and co-operate with people working in different areas of the stack. You should value simplicity and scale, work comfortably in a collaborative, agile environment, and be excited to learn.
The ideal candidate will demonstrate strong skills in several of the following areas:
1. BS/MS in Computer Science; level commensurate with years of experience
2. Demonstrable computer science fundamentals, object-oriented design, and Java programming
3. Strong problem solving and communication skills
4. Database knowledge and control plane development experience are highly desired
5. Automation & tool development for monitoring & managing large-scale systems is a plus
6. Expertise in developing and operating highly scalable & available systems is a plus
Join us if you like working hard, having fun, and making history. We do just that.
"As part of Oracle's employment process candidates will be required to complete a pre-employment screening process, prior to an offer being made. This will involve identity and employment verification, professional references, education verification and professional qualifications and memberships (if applicable)."
Detailed Description and Job Requirements
Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.
As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs.
Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience.
Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Job:
Product Development
Location:
US-CA,California-Belmont
Other Locations:
US-CA,California-Santa Clara
Job Type:
Regular Employee Hire
Organization:
Oracle
