Title: Java Backend Developer
Company: Enquero Inc
Location: Palo Alto, CA
Type: Full-Time

We are the Gen-Next technology solution provider, solving complex business problems. We assist our happy customers across all spectrum to reimagine their business processes and navigate their digital journey. Our out-of-the-box solutions continue to bridge the gap between ideas and reality, delivering impact through connected data, architecture and experience.
WE ARE ENQUERO - DIGITALLY TRANSFORMING businesses since 2014!
Excellence with Enquero
We are a vibrant and a ridiculously norm-challenging bunch with increasingly diverse teams across the globe. Our open culture enables easy ideation, innovation and delivery. Our voracious appetite for knowledge makes growth organic to us.
If you have a passion for problem solving and quirkiness doesn't scare you, come be a part of our rapidly growing company. Oh! we do have a life outside work as well.
The ideal candidate should be an analytical, results-driven Back-end Developer who will work with team members to troubleshoot and improve, develop back-end applications and processes. The Back-end Developer will use his or her understanding of programming languages and tools to analyze current codes and industry developments, formulate more efficient processes, solve problems, and create a more seamless experience for users. Should have excellent communication skills
Responsibilities include:
+ Managing the interchange of data between the server and the users
+ Developing server-side logic, maintenance of the central database, and ensure high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end
+ Integration of user-facing elements developed by a front-end developer with server-side logic
+ Optimizing the application for maximum speed and scalability
+ Implementation of security and data protection
+ Design and implementation of data storage solutions
+ Bachelor's degree in computer programming, computer science, or a related field
+ MUST HAVE & Strong understanding of the web development cycle, programming technique and tools such as Java, Spring, Spring boot, SQL concepts and Micro-Services & Kubernetes.
+ Good understanding but not required of NoSQL Db, Elastic/ Solr / Lucene, Redis Cache, Docker / Kubernetes, oAuth / SAML/ SSO,ZUUL Gateway & Microservices, Salesforce & Salesforce, API, Kafka, RabitMQ ,JMS (Pub-Sub/ Queue), Integration Technologies, Rule Engines, HTML / CSS, React JS, JavaScript
+ Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests
+ Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process
+ Basic understanding of front-end technologies and platforms, such as ReactJS, HTML5, and CSS3.
This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work performed by employees in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all the job's responsibilities. At Enquero, all of our jobs include broad responsibilities for continually improving the processes we use to develop our products.
Enquero is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Job ID: 2020-1135
External Company Name: Enquero Inc
External Company URL: enquero.com
Street: 908 Arastradero Rd
