Title: Senior Java Developer - San Jose, CA
Company: Lorven technologies
Location: San Jose, CA
Type: Full-Time

Our client is looking for an
Senior Core Java Developer
for a Long  Term project
in San Jose, CA
. Below is the detail requirement.
Job Title: Senior Core Java Developer
Location: San Jose, CA
Duration: Long Term
Job Description:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent. with minimum of 8+ years of experience.
Responsibilities:
Work with business units to crystallize business needs into product features, acting as a bridge between business and technical domains
Provide technical guidance and assistance to other software engineers.
Provide technical and domain thought-leadership, and mentoring to junior members of the team.
Develop product/platform
Review and approve software design and implemented code.
Provide effective cutting edge design/solutions for implementing product features.
Develop new capabilities to ensure continued competence and relevance of the center in supporting software development needs of PayPal's business.
Required Skills:
Experience in building high traffic backend services for external customer facing web applications
Understands inside out of fundamentals of Java, specifically JDK7, JUnit, Maven, Jenkins & Sonar
Has built web applications and services using open-source Java Frameworks: Spring MVC & JAX-RS 2.0 implementations (e.g. RestEasy, Jersey or Apache CXF)
Has designed web applications and clearly understands concepts like Web Services, SOA, REST APIs
Has knowledge of different application servers like JBOSS
Comfortable with Agile development and Scrum process
Identify Performance bottlenecks and use good coding patterns to avoid them in the first place
Take ownership of your work and can work independently
Hands on experience working with one or more of messaging services and apps (e.g. JMS, AMQ, Kafka, IBM Web sphere MQ, etc.) is desired
Source Control (GIT experience is an advantage)
Unit testing frameworks such as JUnit, Google Test
Highly analytical, innovative, and able to think strategically and to develop comprehensive detailed specifications
Ability to determine impact of architectural solutions and recommendations. Must have experience in justification of technology solutions to business leaders
Excellent verbal and writing skills; ability to produce clear, concise communications and documentation.
Highly effective at working in cross-functional and cross geographical organizations
Experience in maintenance and enhancement of deployed products
Ability to work in a fast paced environment with diverse cultures
