Title: QA Engineer with Java
Company: Altimetrik Corp
Location: San Jose, CA
Type: Full-Time

Overview
Altimetrik is a digital transformation accelerator helping our client’s deliver great products and services that deliver bottom-line results. We follow a uniquely agile approach designed to envision, prototype and deliver ideas to market through collaboration, speed, and efficiency. Founded in 2012, Altimetrik is headquartered in Southfield, Michigan, and has grown to over 2,000 highly energized and talented employees with offices and development centers across the globe. Altimetrik taps into an organization’s technology, people, and assets to advance continuous innovation that?helps our clients build products and services their customers want. Our company’s unique digital transformation service is built on an incremental approach for end-to-end development, empowering customers to be more agile in their technology initiatives and realize results faster. Altimetrik helps some of the largest Fortune 500 companies in financial services, payments, retail, automotive, healthcare, manufacturing, and startups to get unstuck in delivering digital transformation and improve experiences for their customers.
Job Description
The development team is looking for a self-motivated, Senior QA Engineer
to join one of our global online Payment leader's team and help build low-latency, high-throughput mid tier applications to grow our new platform.? The ideal candidate will be a
Senior Java/QA Engineer with hands on java experience
with some proficiency in Selenium, Automation, end to end testing
and hands on experience in
algorithms and Data Structures.
Background we are looking for:
You love solving problems and building solutions
You’re self-motivated and have a demonstrated track record of self-learning and
going above and beyond
You want to hit the ground running on Day 1; you take ownership of your
work and can work independently.
Solid exposure in
Selenium, QA Automation, end to end testing.
You’ve designed and clearly understand concepts like
Web
Services, SOA, REST APIs, SPRING Framework
.
You know the fundamentals of Object-Oriented Programming using Java,
familiarity with additional development tools such as
JUnit, Maven & Jenkins
is a
plus.
You love Git and are at home with source control concepts such as merge, rebase
and pull.
You believe in Agile development and putting the customer first in anything you
design; experience with SCRUM is a plus.
You’re a strong advocate of good coding standards and like the use of coding tools
that will push you to improve the code you deliver like Sonar.
You know how to identify performance bottlenecks and use good coding
patterns to avoid them in the first place.
Requirements:
BS in CS 4+ yrs experience or MS + 3 yrs experience
Experience in object-oriented programming and concepts
Experienced in
QA Engineer with Java experience.
Solid exposure in
Selenium, Automation, end to end testing.
Comfortable enough in handling algorithms, data structure, Data collections and system design problems
Experienced in Distributed System development using
Java
/J2EE/Web Technologies.
Proven track record in delivering highly available, scalable systems on time
Conversant in design patterns
Good understanding of web services and related standards like
REST/JSON
Experience in Spring framework and other open source frameworks
Experience in Unix based development environment
Experience in both development and quality assurance activities
Experience in QA methodologies, test automation and automation frameworks
Experience in driving Integration testing, UAT with external vendors
Experience in JUnit, Selenium is a plus
Experience working in payments or financial services industry is a plus
Exposure to Agile Methodologies
Nice to have:
Familiarity with Enterprise Java and supporting Java frameworks
Familiarity with Unix commands and basic Unix scripting
