Title: Java Developer
Company: IMCS Group
Location: Seattle, WA
Type: Full-Time

Title: Java Developer
Location:Seattle,WA
Duration: 1+ Year
Type : W2 Contract
Typical Day in the Role:
Responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:
Develop reactive application on Java programming language.
Setup, configured and maintain backend application globally.
Build and unit test API with jbehave, gatling.
Helping CI/CD team doing rolling out application and infrastructure globally.
Collaborates with development team, other Information Technology (IT) teams developer leads. Initiates process improvements for new and existing systems.
Participates in the solution design process: requirements gathering and backlog refinement, shapes and guides systems approach, helps with project initiation, contributes to functional design, and leads technical design and development.
Develops software solutions to business problems. Leverages established design patterns and coding standards. Builds solutions that are secure, durable, scalable, flexible, and accessible and proactively mitigate against production support issues.
Participates in a production support rotation that includes pager responsibilities.
Coaches, and mentors other team members. Performs cross-training and facilitates information sharing among team members.
Automates test coverage per platform capabilities and requirements. Establishes and maintains continuous build and integration testing on applicable platforms and assists with manual system and integration testing efforts.
Key contributor and driver in the deployment approach, including planning and execution, data conversion approach, script development and execution, warranty period and transition of the solution to the platform's operational context.
Operates in both waterfall and Agile Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) processes and methodologies.
Requirements
Requires 7+ years experience in the IT industry
Requires 5+ years hands-on experience development experience in java
Experience with using kafka, event hub or any messaging broker.
Experience in working with Linux environment.
Experience in using IDE for java like eclipse, intellij etc.
Strong experience in core java, multi threaded programming, data structures and collections.
Extensive understanding in SDLC and scrum methodologies.
Hands on experience in end to end application development.
Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
Ability to accurately break down complex application designs into component deliverables and estimate design and development timelines
Requires Strong Systems Life Cycle methodology experience
Requires excellent oral, written, and presentation skills
Java Skills:
Expertise in Java, J2EE application development.
Exeperice in developing scalable applications, testing frameworks with java.
Experience in working with clound implementation.
Experience in configuring, deploying applications in AWS or AZURE using SBT.
Experience in using configuration management tools like github.
Knowlegde with is scala would be plus.
General IT Skills:
Experience in Application support     Problem diagnosis and resolution
Expert in interpretation of functional requirements
Development of technical design specifications for complex projects
Expert in industry standard development methodologies
Experience in middleware integration using tools like Web Methods
A good understanding of industry standards and best practices to be able to conduct code reviews
Conduct code reviews with the team to improve compliance with established best practices and coding standards
Provide mentorship and guidance to the Development Team to improve overall quality of code and application development
Work with team members to ensure application designs are in line with best practices and are scalable, reliable, and that all designs optimize performance and usability.
Requires strong problem solving and analytic skills to translate business requirements into systems solutions.
Integrate application support efforts with concurrent, parallel application development efforts
Provide technical expertise to Siebel support team
