Title: Sr.SDET - Java Automation Engineer
Company: Axius Tek
Location: Lake Saint Louis, MO
Type: Full-Time

Title: Sr.SDET - Java Automation Engineer
Location : St. Louis, MO
Duration:
Fulltime
Required Skills/Experience:
To be part of a team that's involved in Testing of Digital payment platforms using Selenium to define test artificats, design the test plans.
Working closely with multi shore teams to execute test plans and test cases.
To work closely with client stake holders to provide new test solutions.
Work closely with business stake holders to evangelize test solutions across various business groups with the client.
Skills Required :-
Expertise in agile and waterfall testing methodologies and tools such as JIRA, RALLY, Rational Team Concert, Quality Center, etc.
Experience in both Unit and Integration testing needs with exposure to data virtualization tools. Experience testing across a variety of platforms: web and mobile user interface, APIs (REST and SOAP), and/or data warehouse reports.
Expertise in software development to build and use automation frameworks using technologies: Java/.NET/C++, JUnit, Selenium, JBehave, Soap UI/Pro, Spring framework, REST, JSON and XML, Eclipse IDE, Nexus, Maven, SVN/GIT, etc.
Demonstrated experience developing high quality test strategies and test execution     specific focus on cross browser and cross device testing.
Ability to create good acceptance and integration test automation scripts and integrate with Continuous integration (Jenkins/Bamboo) and code coverage tools (Sonar, Clover) to ensure 80% or higher code coverage.
Exposure to Continuous integration, Delivery, and tools such as Chef/Puppet desirable.
Exposure to performance engineering and profiling (e.g. Java JVM, Databases) and tools such as Load Runner and JMeter desirable.
Strong organizational and problem-solving skills with great attention to detail, critical thinking, solid communication and proven leadership skills - with the ability to lead multiple test paths simultaneously.
