Title: 200026164 Software Engineer - Java/Fullstack
Company: J.P. Morgan
Location: Jersey City, NJ
Type: Full-Time

Software Engineer - Java/Fullstack Job Description A hands-on Mid-level/Junior level full stack application developer who is passionate about Java and GUI development, building highly scalable and resilient applications, and focused on solving complex business problems. Candidates should have deep knowledge of Java, data structures, multi-threading, rest web services, Spring, Hibernate and Design patterns. Along with Java candidates need to have experience in developing high quality, highly functional web applications using Java script and is current with the latest technologies around HTML, JavaScript frameworks like React, Node js.
The candidate will be responsible for server-side as well as front end development supporting for Securities Services business aimed to significantly improve the Client Access Management process. She/he will have responsibility for unit-level design, coding, writing automated test cases, unit testing, integration testing and participating in the full SDLC, Agile methodology. The candidate must have a sound grasp of development best practice and system architecture.
She/he will be expected to produce high-quality code that can pass critical peer review, and to work under a high-pressure and timeline-driven environment. Deep technical knowledge and the ability to communicate ideas is an integral part of the role, and as such the successful candidate will be required to demonstrate proficiency in the technical areas required for the project, and should possess good verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrates exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong communication, organizational, and collaboration skills and should be proactive and take initiative Experience with Agile software development lifecycle Java (backend): Deep understanding of Java, Spring, Hibernate Working knowledge of various data structures, Concurrency and multi-threading, run time VM, garbage collection Experience working with a microservice based architecture, Web-based request handling, cloud deployments, CI/CD, DevOps Good understanding of test driven development. Should be familiar with Junit and Mockito Experience developing with Oracle or any other major RDBMS UI development, deep knowledge and experience of: JavaScript, JavaScript framework (e.g. Node JS and React JS), HTML, CSS Web Services and various protocols Knowledge and experience developing portals and federated UI screens, creating UX/wireframes Ability to work on complex design and development standards.
Experience working in multi-time zone development team. Experience with real-time, event-driven systems and service-oriented architectures. Good to have any prior working experience in Financial industry domain.
Req #: 200026164 Location: Jersey City, NJ US Job Category: Technology Employment Type: Full Time Potential Referral Amount: 3000 US Dollar (USD)
