Title: Senior Developer, High Performance Java
Company: Yellow Brick
Location: Palo Alto, CA
Type: Full-Time

Yellowbrick Data is a rapidly growing Enterprise Data Warehouse start-up headquartered in Palo Alto, CA (near the California Avenue Caltrain station) with offices also in London, United Kingdom and Salt Lake City, UT. We've been growing over 3x year-on-year and our technology is used by the world's largest insurers, credit card companies, telco's, healthcare and marketers. Our customers love our product: Most are repeat buyers and in many cases we've become the new standard for analytics and data warehousing in their respective enterprises. Yellowbrick is well funded having raised $173m from top-tier venture firms.
We're a driven R&D team, solving hard-core computer science problems at all levels of the stack. What we do isn't easy: We design hardware, build an operating system, have created an entire enterprise-grade database from scratch with remote support capability, and actively build and maintain business continuity functions and a growing set of ecosystem integrations. Our database deploys both on-premises and in the cloud.
We are looking for a guru of High Performance Java to work on the back-end tier of our database. You'll be one of the few Java developers who know how to write Java code that is able to rival the best hand-tuned C++ code in performance. You're not intimidated by, and know how to deal with, garbage collection and heap issues; you look at machine instructions generated by the JVM without fear; you know all the strengths and pitfalls of doing asynchronous networking and file IO. You know the limitations of the concurrency support in the Java language, and how to work around common problems.
Responsibilities:
Design, develop and tune highly concurrent Java code, in-memory data structures and application server code supporting tens of thousands of concurrent connections across multiple machines.
Build performance monitoring infrastructure and expose it to users.
Help troubleshoot and fix issues encountered in the field
Required experience:
Building, tuning and shipping in-memory databases, stock trading systems or other multi-threaded, high performance application server code written in Java
Netty framework
Java concurrency (java.util.concurrent) and data structures
GC heap profiling and tuning
OSGi runtime
Asynchronous programming in Java
Asynchronous chained execution pipelines with CompletableFuture
