Title: JAVA - Backend Software Engineer
Company: Trantor Software
Location: Palo Alto, CA
Type: Full-Time

About Trantor
Trantor, Inc., a leading provider of global software services, specializes in Business Intelligence, Software Security, and Web Services solutions. Trantor, Inc. has a proven and demonstrable track record of successful multi shore project delivery since its inception in 2009. Trantor, Inc. is a leading software development company with expertise in both Cloud-based and traditional applications. Trantor understands all aspects and challenges of software development from product and feature definition, though core product development and QA / deployment / ongoing maintenance. We have also developed our own product suite and integrated it to several market applications.
Why Working at Trantor:
We value diverse perspectives and hire specifically to enrich our team with new ideas and experiences.
Learning is a top priority. We actively structure teams and projects to maximize team member growth and opportunity.
We believe in open communication and in sharing opinions, not in micromanagement.
We have a strong work ethic but value life outside of work.
Many of us have worked together at previous companies, and choose to work together again and again because we respect one-another.
Profile Overview:
Trantor is looking for a Software Engineer to join one of our Cloud Development teams to build solutions that will help us deliver an industry-leading security product to our customers. Join a talented team of developers using a wide variety of latest cloud technologies to solve big problems while partnering with threat researchers who are on the bleeding edge of malware analysis. Youll build solutions that our customers are clamoring for, that will help our customers prevent the next front-page security breach.
What Youll Do
Lead Initiatives to deliver major product features in a highly-scalable microservice environment implemented on AWS.
Contribute to product direction in design discussions.
Collaborate with the team to build upon and improve the microservices architecture.
Review and guide the development of Restful APIs to query terabytes of data.
Participate in all phases of the software development cycle as part of a Scrum team.
Proactively move the technology base to use the latest tools and frameworks for best performance; considering costs and scale.
Collaborate with product management, DevOps, backend, and front-end engineers to deliver the right solution.
Support existing production code and improve performance and customer experience.
What Youll Bring
Expertise in building a high-performance, highly distributed, scalable and reliable system to process and store terabytes of data.
5+ years of experience developing server-side applications.
4+ years building high performing/data-intensive applications running in the cloud.
Improving  performance, scalability, and reliability of systems
Experience with:
Java, Springboot & Microservices
AWS
Infrastructure
MySQL
Kubernetes
Restful APIs
Scaling enterprise applications in the cloud
Reducing costs in production
Agile Software Development
